DATASHEETS 
 
Forum 2 Page 1

where did i fuck up?
Dumb question, alpha behavior?
Official Forum Guide -- New Members Read Carefully BEFORE POSTING
Day Bang reviews
Bang reviews
Using an alias while gaming women
Drinking Games
What Do You Guys Consider a 5?
Do you disqualify certain girls on height in dating??
Do you tell your FB about other girls that are in your rotation?
How to get laid on okcupid like a boss
The importance of shirts
What Do You Guys Consider A 10??
I tried the direct game.
Roommates Outing You
Whiskey Dick
What's Your Notch Count (POLL)
So... I wanna bang my mandarin teacher...
The  Death of night(club) game as we know it
Not following girls/letting them change plans
Game in the News
Rank these 40-somethings
Post Valentines day gaming
random thoughts on game
Picking up girls while being overweight
Diamond Ring routine
what happened since high school?????
Best age for gaming?
Most important parts of the game?
New Rating System
The trick that 90% of guys don't know
Makeout in 5 minute or less (Simple pickup)
Found this video, think everyone should see it.
It's buyer's market, right?
Preventing and Reducing Anger at Women
Why it's better to be Beta
Telling jokes to game girls
Crazy Wild Openers
Reactivating old leads
One week of simple but effective social training
Forum 2 Page 2

*** DETAILS OF MY FINAL GAME BOOK ***
Super spermicide condoms for when you're gonna fuck a really shady chick
Bumble! tinder but the girls message first
Maybe someone can explain this sluts behavior. Met her in a bar.
Who has used the penpal website Interpals to game girls?
Some excerpts from The Black Philip Show
Lack of shit testing
Is it unethical to have a "starter girlfriend"?
Should we all migrate from Tinder to POF?
Absolutely Hilarious Patrice O'Neal Q&A About Men & Women
Omegle and ChatRoulette, do they have game applications?
What Do You Guys Consider A 10??
On Red Flags
Kazia Noble
The 6 Phases of Being a Player
Worship of youth years weaponized to rob men of their prime.
Roosh's take on the RSD way
The new female game during/post sex
Awful luck finding love
Oneitis in an abundance?
Sleeping with MILFs
Is daygame the worst way to meet women?
Lying about your age-Guys 40 plus
A women's  sexual orientation and game
Performance Anxiety with 3 different girls
Does Joe Biden have game?
Daygame - Cafes/Bookshops and Groups?
Beach Game
Spain and Spanish women & Speaking with a "Gringo", Italian, or Mexican Accent?
Think you found wife material - how to know it's not an act?
Poker Geezer Games Disabled Teens
Who in your life would you trust...
LTR/Marriage master thread. The why, who, when, where and how.
Best resource for club game
Most efficient venue for day game?
What Happened to the Family Forum
Can an immature woman rise to the occasion?
Girls wanting to pay for you on dates?
Taking pictures of girls as an opener?
Is There A Point Of Diminishing Returns On Weightlifting And Attracting Girls?
Does Intellectual Discussion Ever Turn Women On?
Forum 2 Page 3

*** DETAILS OF MY FINAL GAME BOOK ***
My dread comes off as upset/angry/butthurt
Toronto players in the house?
Women that refuse to go for men of their own background.
Tracking bang vs number close ratio
Dealing with Long Distance LTR
Making the most of a relationship without damaging a good girl
If an American girl calls you 'sir'...forget it?
Attracting Girls Online: A Guide to Good Photos, Why They Matter, and How To Get Them
Giving YaReally proper respect for his massive game archive
How to build connection
Moustache
Bro decodes nail art to save guys from dating ‘crazy’ ladies
Are women really this passive?
How To Convince A Chick To Swallow
Muslim Girls: The best girls in the world hands down
Losing a Former Girlfriend To The Wall
I-Just-Had-A-Threesome Thread
Betas win?
Lets talk about Slut Radar
Can't Think of Anything but Hard Negs on Approaches
How would you quantify the percentage of men who have red pill values?
Helping your friends
Your lay count? I’m embarrassed about mine.
Tired of dating, how normal is it?
Need help on a quasi-modern Pakistani girl
Pregnant / Lactating ?
Tom Leykis on a chick taking a phone call on a date
No. 1 Reason for Declining SMV in The West
Gf/Marriage & cheating on the side
College Departments with Hottest Girls
Shit you found on girls phones
She's Not Good Enough
Easy girls - How to get horny?
EASY gaming abroad impact HARD game at home?
Your worst first dates?
Early 30s losing friends and going Solo abroad
At what age does cold day approaches become...just not right?
Tickle Tickle
Any Asian-specific advice other than standard game?
Why is my female friend behaving like this?
Forum 2 Page 4

*** DETAILS OF MY FINAL GAME BOOK ***
Why can't a woman love a man, the same way a man loves a woman?
East Asian men in the dating market
Lost my swagger after breakup
To all the Asian Guys: Life of Bruce Lee
Should I Fuck A Possible Hardcore Slut?
Fetish?
Your night game on weekdays ?
How dominate dominant girls
Diagnose this Game Problem
Is it better to hit up a club early or late?
Running night game in your 30's
How many high-SMV men are actually players?
Gaming Wealthy girls (women)
White ethno-nationalist falling for dark skinned Mauritian beauty - mixed kids, NWO
Modern Women Now Pay For Dates
Roosh taking a sabbatical, NaughtyNomad is retiring too... thinking about the same
Is Hypergamy the primary cause of female infidelity?
Girls at work
The League--Dating App
New to this: where to start?
Have you ever wished you were Beta?
post deleted
How To Be Irrationally Self-Confident
Is there ANYONE who is loyal to their LTR here?...
Do you see strangers day-gaming girls?
The Official RVF No Contact Thread
Unusual Places You're Gotten The Bang
Cities/States with Hottest Girls/Best Ratios in US
Herpes
Strip Club: Maybe I have a problem... Your thoughts?
Anyone here seen Netflix's 'Dating Around'? (It's a first date reality show)
Rarest flag (7.5+) you've captured?
White guys who like cats also like Asian girls?
What's the wildest nightlife in Europe?
What causes certain cities to have girls 10x sluttier than others?
Getting Into State Before Going Out
Girls who don't like their vaginas eaten?
NO girls vs Maybe girls: one of the biggest mistakes...
This Shit Bothers Me
IM: She's typing. you have an answer but she's typing. always wait?
Forum 2 Page 5

*** DETAILS OF MY FINAL GAME BOOK ***
How to introduce girls to anal (Data Sheet)
How Many Drinks Before a Woman Is Considered Too Drunk To Consent?
In your experience, who's generally more tolerant of bad sex, young or older women?
Dealing with a breakup with someone your considered a potential 'one'
A high notch count (100's) messes you up
Do you guys learn from text flakes and more?
Do you text in between setting up date and the date?
Why do you think Paul Janka was so successful?
Got arrested outside a community college during day game
The Blockchain Will Save Your Life
Best business to own for picking up women?
App Location Spoof
The Would you Hit It thread [Contains NSFW Material]
Should you feel bad about cheating?
"Running a 'Social Hook Point''?
Winter destination for gaming
How often are you guys communicating with your girlfriends?
The Only Rule For Ex's
To Raw-Dog or Not to Raw-Dog
List your top 5 turn-offs.
Post Bang Texting
The Best Sex You Ever Had?
Name your Top 5 Buffs and Debuffs to approaching
Unknowingly banged a pro...how would you handle this?
Culinary Game
Have you ever banged a girl who thought you were gay?
All Pill - Stages of masculine excellence
Gaming without a permanent residence
Masturbating twice before a first date
What's your lay count?
Do sexy guys really get cold approached by random girls that often?
The daddy dynamic and power of having a "good list" and a "bad list"
Kissing on first date
Guys who never been interested in porn, do they care about hairy vaginas?
Valentine's Day-Let's go out and get laid
Whats the Best Way To Cockblock Guys???
Marketing to Women
Finding traditional women in US possible?
Sapio and greener pastures
Noticeable increase in ghosting after makeouts
Forum 2 Page 6

*** DETAILS OF MY FINAL GAME BOOK ***
Dealing with drama hungry women targeting or trying to ruin you socially.
PoF Holy Hell!
I'm Not Convinced on Hypergamy
Consequences to attending a Live Workshop
Valentine's day
SP Carnaval 2019 - Anyone looking for a wingman?
How do you guys compartmentalize the Pickup/ Redpill Parts of Your life?
Small community and reputation
The Anal Data Sheet
Gaming supermarket and fast food cashier girls
Publishing red pill written works
What's a *realistic* ideal approach:close ratio?
Has anyone tried the musician route to banging girls
Date Tip: Dealing with the Trump Hate Comment
What, in your experience, are external indicators of a woman being fantastic at sex?
How To Hack Online Dating Sites
How can a married, middle aged man stay surrounded by young, beautiful women?
How do you deal when a female is on her period?
Older man needs guidance gaming much younger woman
Most number of times you had sex in a day
How To Get Laid As a Club Promoter In Central London
Most bizarre thing you've made a girl do during sex?
How to prevent your little sister from having sex
Getting girls in London
Are there any datasheets on Yuma, AZ?
“Burner” phone - iPhone
Are Boys solely brought up by their mothers raised into Beta's
Direct for Day Game vs Indirect (Clown Game) for Night Game
More Turned On By "Butterfaces" Rather Than Genuinely Beautiful Girls?
The REALITY of College Town Game
For my african-american brothers, how do you groom yourself for success at game?
Text Break Up
What's your approach:balk ratio?
Does anyone else get this "power up" feeling when day gaming?
Picking up similar looking women
Neighbor Game
I dated a PUA--Should I expose him?
Recipe for SNL/ONS
Girls don't like bad boys
She's also a player, and a desperate case of oneitis
Forum 2 Page 7

*** DETAILS OF MY FINAL GAME BOOK ***
West: Sex on the first date or not?
After my latest date, I really feel like giving up.
Higher The Notch Count = More Pussy Thrown At You?
Escalation routines on a date
Who pays?
The shorter a girl is the higher the her number of partners
30 days on Seeking - my observations
Do women ever lie and tell a higher notch count than they actually have?
Alternative to Tinder for privacy
Anyone ever fuck women that just got out of jail?
I got Chlamydia and I can't take antibiotics, please help! Don't take medication?
The shocking confessions of a nearly 30 year old incel
How To Find A Social Circle Mentor
Tagged.com?  I see a lot  BS on that site, but has it worked for you?
Penis Enlargement
Girl didn't show up for the date and wants to reschedule
Penis Injury From Sex?
Don't tell your woman everything about your life
Do you audio record your daygame approaches?
Being setup on a blind date
Girl coming over from USA to see me
Travelling Argentinian girls
Hitting up the same bars/clubs
Why would a girl scratch my back while sexing?
Endgame- the PUA Theory
Does education matter?
Atypical arrangements (live in girlfriend with wife, bang maid, harem pad etc)
Made girl too jealous
The Modern Harem Thread: How to Build, Maintain, and Expand your own Group of Girls
Coffee Meets Bagel - online dating mobile app that solves a lot of Tinders problems
What would you do if your wife was infertile?
What's your approach when they go cold?
Marriage
"Friend" sent dick pic to the girl im dating and went to court for rape attempt
Squirting Orgasms
Data sheet: Losing virginity late and the effect it has on game/relationships
Tinder/App Outsourcing Services?
18-22 At what age did this age demographic get harder for you?
On BPDs (borderline personality disorder)
Lessons You've Learned About Girls
Forum 2 Page 8

*** DETAILS OF MY FINAL GAME BOOK ***
Naked man conversion rate / Chiang Mai chicks?
FMF Threesomes
Dope songs about game
Guys that slept with hundreds of women
Its Benefit Balling er Banging um Gala season again!
Where do you meet model chicks?
Hat Game for Bald Guys or Guys with Bad Hair
Controlling facial expressions
People with experience, is late 20s good for long term travelling (gap year)?
Datasheet: Social Circle Game A How To
Facial hair change = gamechanger?
Women: degree of self-awareness (interest in a man)
The Flag Tribunal
Match.Com - Getting responses Data Sheet - 40+
Going cold after makeout close
What did you do to improve your confidence?
How Do I Get Laid As a Bouncer
What’s your ‘flake rate’ from night number closes
When did chicks stop digging soldiers??
Getting her to sign a Prenup - Strategies
Single Mothers: To Date/Bang or Not
Being more sexually aggressive via text
What do you guys think about the youtuber ThatWasEpic? (best infields I've seen)
Date/hangout/etc ideas that are edgy or "breaking the rules"
Scottish day-gamer arrested
Pregnancy Scares
Beach Game For Average Guys
Ok maybe someone more experienced can explain this
Social circle and preselection-How to use it effectively
Memorable text message exchanges with girls
Shopping mall/store game: Easier than you think!
The worst aging woman on the planet
Most interesting mixes you've banged?
Who are the best to learn from in 2018?
Throwing shit on girl when she ignores you after first date
Your opener of the moment?
Lieing 
Are Foreign and Older (30+) Women More Racially Magnanimous than Young Anglo Women?
Taking a hiatus from night game
FREE: New game book - Sex Clubs
Forum 2 Page 9

*** DETAILS OF MY FINAL GAME BOOK ***
Will Text Game survive the rise of A.I.?
Why aren’t we honest?
Why do you sleep with fat chicks?
Marriage Game - How do you stay frugal while still leading?
Middle of the road, girl-next-door average types
Daddy Duty
My Response to "Do You Have Instagram?"
Too $hort - I'm A Player
Female and male friends implied that I was ugly
Game Theory: Handling 9s
Do you talk red pill with your female friends?
I see no downside of raw dogging
Why Are Millennial Women So Willing To Eat Ass?
Urge to impregnate all women and build an army
Personality Problems/Disorders? in Millennial Slavic Esp. Russian Girls
Creative wingman strategy - acting like a jealous beta you can AMOG instead of buddy?
BPD/Crazy Identification & Support Group
The shorter a girl is the higher the her number of partners
The Sex Addicts thread
Good books on LTRs/Marriage
Dude approaches 1000 women and gets 0 lays
When should i drop the bomb on my wife
Promiscuity and low iq
Nastiest and Freakiest girls you've been with
2018 Game Goals
Banging girls off Linkedin. Impossible?
Flakes after Banging
Is telling the truth about being married to women the best way to fail ?
Quality Vs Quantity
Using a "wing girl" instead of a wingman, potentially best game method?
Traits to be succesful as 30+ yr old
How "Fat" Are You Willing To Go?
Skype Practice Group
Wingman Frustation
Male dating/social profile critiques
How to open and close without the formalities
Party Host Game (Datasheet)
Thoughts on sending dick pics?
Making friends (male friends)
Focused Group research into Devices to prevent False Allegation: Attributes Features
Forum 2 Page 10

*** DETAILS OF MY FINAL GAME BOOK ***
The Power an amazing physique has over women
Women with victim mentality...
A Discussion On What "Game" Is
Fetlife Game Thread
Spinning plates with family
Which age group is least risky to cum inside? 18-22, milfs?and which most enjoyable
Where to meet marriage material girls?
Which book better for LTR
FACE AND LMS - What are your thoughts?
Was Sent To a Stripclub To Be a Bouncer. Was Wondering How To Bang These Strippers???
How to not get frustrated while waiting for high quality?
Tight and Loose...
Women who contact you months/years later
Banging Fatties During A Dry Spell
How to get laid on okcupid like a boss
Women are the sexual ones
Holiday Game
How important is intelligence or height with LTR
Hidden Signs of High Quality Women
Beginning to panic about my situation
Training your girlfriend to be a real feminine woman guide
Final Exam Week!
Are New York City women the biggest sluts?
When you go to a social gathering and you have THAT friend
Picking up girls in vegas this hard???
Eating booty: how to make a girl fall in love (NSFW)
Notch count, scare the cat
Shit Test During Sex
Rich Women
The Roissy Reader: Chateau Heartiste on Game
How does a player handle the holidays?
The Shit Test Thread
Christmas Party Game Advice?
Your dick size? I’m embarrassed about mine.
Asperger's Syndrome Girl!
Lame Shit You Did In Highschool (That You Thought Was Cool At The Time)?
Would you live with a woman who wasn't your wife?
Advice from social circle experts
What effect does your individual look have when taking pro photos for online game?
Atlanta Man Miami formula 2018 (During Season Strategy)
Forum 2 Page 11

NEW RULES: Casual sex and hooking up can no longer be discussed on the forum
***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
How do you deal when a female is on her period?
Older man needs guidance gaming much younger woman
Most number of times you had sex in a day
How To Get Laid As a Club Promoter In Central London
Most bizarre thing you've made a girl do during sex?
How to prevent your little sister from having sex
Getting girls in London
Are there any datasheets on Yuma, AZ?
“Burner” phone - iPhone
Are Boys solely brought up by their mothers raised into Beta's
Direct for Day Game vs Indirect (Clown Game) for Night Game
More Turned On By "Butterfaces" Rather Than Genuinely Beautiful Girls?
The REALITY of College Town Game
For my african-american brothers, how do you groom yourself for success at game?
Text Break Up
What's your approach:balk ratio?
Does anyone else get this "power up" feeling when day gaming?
Picking up similar looking women
Neighbor Game
I dated a PUA--Should I expose him?
Recipe for SNL/ONS
Girls don't like bad boys
After my latest date, I really feel like giving up.
Higher The Notch Count = More Pussy Thrown At You?
Escalation routines on a date
Who pays?
The shorter a girl is the higher the her number of partners
30 days on Seeking - my observations
Do women ever lie and tell a higher notch count than they actually have?
Alternative to Tinder for privacy
Anyone ever fuck women that just got out of jail?
I got Chlamydia and I can't take antibiotics, please help! Don't take medication?
The shocking confessions of a nearly 30 year old incel
How To Find A Social Circle Mentor
Tagged.com?  I see a lot  BS on that site, but has it worked for you?
Penis Enlargement
Girl didn't show up for the date and wants to reschedule
Penis Injury From Sex?
Don't tell your woman everything about your life
Do you audio record your daygame approaches?
Forum 2 Page 12

NEW RULES: Casual sex and hooking up can no longer be discussed on the forum
***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Do you audio record your daygame approaches?
Being setup on a blind date
Girl coming over from USA to see me
Travelling Argentinian girls
Hitting up the same bars/clubs
Why would a girl scratch my back while sexing?
Endgame- the PUA Theory
Does education matter?
Atypical arrangements (live in girlfriend with wife, bang maid, harem pad etc)
Made girl too jealous
The Modern Harem Thread: How to Build, Maintain, and Expand your own Group of Girls
Coffee Meets Bagel - online dating mobile app that solves a lot of Tinders problems
What would you do if your wife was infertile?
What's your approach when they go cold?
Marriage
"Friend" sent dick pic to the girl im dating and went to court for rape attempt
Squirting Orgasms
Data sheet: Losing virginity late and the effect it has on game/relationships
Tinder/App Outsourcing Services?
18-22 At what age did this age demographic get harder for you?
Lessons You've Learned About Girls
Naked man conversion rate / Chiang Mai chicks?
FMF Threesomes
Dope songs about game
Guys that slept with hundreds of women
Its Benefit Balling er Banging um Gala season again!
Hat Game for Bald Guys or Guys with Bad Hair
Controlling facial expressions
People with experience, is late 20s good for long term travelling (gap year)?
Datasheet: Social Circle Game A How To
Facial hair change = gamechanger?
Women: degree of self-awareness (interest in a man)
The Flag Tribunal
Match.Com - Getting responses Data Sheet - 40+
Going cold after makeout close
What did you do to improve your confidence?
How Do I Get Laid As a Bouncer
What’s your ‘flake rate’ from night number closes
When did chicks stop digging soldiers??
Getting her to sign a Prenup - Strategies
Forum 2 Page 13

Describe your current HAREM situation
The game Of Gym ?
Women hate it when guys date younger girls
Fun shit test dialogue........
Post your Badoo / Hotornot stories & thoughts
Teaching a Girl to Deepthroat
Do you reminisce about the fucks of your youth?
Your best "zero effort, totally random" bang story
Re contacting an ex after huge improvements?
Clubbing psychology AKA thoughts on my last night out
Most scandalous things you've heard girls say
Your Fastest Lays & Same Night Lays
IMPORTANT: Facebook suggests Whatsapp contacts as friends
How much time do you spend at Bars/Clubs when you go out?
Do women want sex more or less than men?
2015-2016 - Kaotic's Self Analysis Review & Guide On RVF
"Femininity" is a lie
When girls ask you to book an uber or taxi...
"Everything happens for a reason"
Snapchat Game
I gave an EX a 2nd chance and this happened
Shaming when flaking
Lying to a woman to get laid is no different than telling your kid Santa Claus exists
Girl claims she is pregnant - advice needed
Eye contact during sex
Study on the type of men that make women orgasm
Dominant lifestyle
What's The Quickest & Easiest Indicator To Tell A Chick is CRAZY?
What is next after "Seeking Arrangements"
Trapped in the Hedonic Treadmill
The I-Just-Got-Flaked-On Thread
Mormom girls
If you're dating a girl, how far is too far with dressing "sexy"
I think we simplify the concept of SMV too much.
Making "friends" with girls for preselection
Regaining confidence
How to get laid in London
Is anyone here *happily* married?
My engagement story
Improv Lessons
Forum 2 Page 14

Let's discuss: the nature of Women and how they think.
Girl asks you to lend her money
Is It Normal If A Chick Asks You To Spit In Her Mouth?
Which Watch Gets It Wet?
If women are desperate for attention, how can this be exploited?
How long do you wait to text/call a girl AFTER the first Bang?
Jagnum’s Year in Review +How I Did on My 2016 Goals
Online Dating
Bizarre real-life notions on women/game
Plate left because she found out about gf
Running Day Game on Christmas
Cultivation of Trust
Just Be A Dickhead
Soft next - what went wrong?
Thinking less in a "PUA" type of way and thinking more of having fun flirting
Aren't American women easier and quicker to bed?
Aaron Sleazy - Clubs seem to be having a harder time
Describe Your 'Game' in 4 Word or Less
That ONE damn girl.
Underachieved in last years, now what?
Best of Tinder: Tactics, Advice, Best Posts and FAQs
Kinkiness and intelligence ?
Would you buy a Christmas gift for an ex
Girl asks for my last name before a first date (wants to google check me)
Using lying as a resort to game chicks
Datasheet: How to use your own body language in game
Family bereavement game
What's the key to shoring Thai whores?
Are Prostitutes Better Than Normal Women?
Thoughts about the necessity of game, niche girls and LTR
Tariq Nasheed
Your Most Random Encounters
Take her to your poosy paradise (LTR Game)
Are you taking longer and longer to orgasm?
Hyneken Daygame Journal
Making Stuff Up About Yourself
Tinder advice for (southern) Brazil
Am I the only guy here who doesn't care about anal?
Which One Are Men Most Likely To Fuck You Over With: Pussy Or Money?
Bad Wingmen... Pet Peeves ive developed over the years.
Forum 2 Page 15

Post-sex formula
Instagram Game Anyone?
What celebrity do you look like and does he have game?
Is an ugly face a manly face?
Airbnb.com bangs...the Couchsurfing Killer!!!
Gaming 18-20 year olds
What to do when you know you're too selective?
Can "red pill" girls love like girls are supposed to?
How to raise your SMV quickly
How do you reward your girls?
McQueen's 'Meltdown' Rant On Game vs. Lifestyle
Women Who Reward Abusers
Red Pill Mindset
Relationships are HARD work
What to do when sex just isn't fulfilling
This Describes Game Perfectly
What Was Your Worst Post-Nut Depression?
Existential crisis in game
Are Asian Women Most Jealous & Envious of Hot White/Latino Women
Preternaturally Serene Mindfucking
Gaming your waitress @ restaurant
Could we still call promiscuous women sluts if.....
How to Get a Girlfriend: the most beta book ever
Why is it bad for women to be promiscuous?
Surge in Fake OKCupid Accounts (and How to Detect Them)
App/website for rating photos
Getting laid through Instagram
She brings a friend
Getting out of relationship  zone material
Describe the most beautyful woman you have ever banged.
Most Jealousy is warranted
Top 5 U.S. cities for easy hook-ups (SNL & ONS)
Unusual Places You're Gotten The Bang
Facebook - Adding random girls.. limit ?
Open these girls
Old Guy in the Club - what's the problem?
Deal with stuck up girls.
High end clubs
A question to ask a ONS that'll improve your game
How do you compete with nice/safe guy courting the girl you want?
Forum 2 Page 16

High end clubs
A question to ask a ONS that'll improve your game
How do you compete with nice/safe guy courting the girl you want?
Dope songs about game
Part time jobs to meet high numbers of women (Bartending, Uber, etc.)
The Past, Present, And Future Of Game
If a chic doesn't respond to a first text, do you try again?
2015-2016 - Kaotic's self analysis review & guide on RVF
Relationship Exit Strategies
Approaching girls seated at a table: What's the best way to do it?
Game Theory: Handling 9s
Things Women Do or Say That Piss You The F*ck Off
Cities/States with Hottest Girls/Best Ratios in US
Absolutely Hilarious Patrice O'Neal Q&A About Men & Women
It's Frightening How Easily A Woman Can Cuck You...
Our responsibility to teach a girl "girl game"?
How Can I Improve My Game?
Pretty sure my girlfriend has a slutty past and its bothering me
If you want to fuck a lot of young girls, do not display any Alpha Provider qualities
How to get bangs when you live with family?
Does Intellectual Discussion Ever Turn Women On?
Gaming Flight Attendants
So the true nature of woman is responsiv to the environment right?
Advantages and disadvantages of an exclusive long term relationship
Anyone feel guilty for gaming chicks?
Strict Dads (And Why Their Daughters Are Best)
Any Asian-specific advice other than standard game?
She doesn't answer to the texts
Flaking = a hidden form of attention seeking.
You can come to bible study with me.
What aspect of the game is not written about enough?
Understanding attraction from a womans perepective
Cleaning the rust off yourself from a LTR
Anyone else feel disenchanted with how many ''plates'' women run? Soul searching....
“Start up text” to send today
What does it mean to you to truly have 'Game'
Coffee Date Reframe
End of LTR - Rise like a penis
Are you a low energy seducer?
Most weird situations when girls have rubbed their bodies on you
Forum 2 Page 17

Is 100+ women banged nothing these days?
When did modern Latina's become such a mess?
Foreign Girl At My Gym (How To Interpret & Proceed)
Orthodontic Braces And Game
What is the Female Equivalent of Roosh V Forum?
Girl you're dating goes back to her ex boyfriend - rebound girl/boomerang girl
New monitor for upcoming PS4 Pro and Scorpio.
UberPool
Hypocrisy on the Forum
What does an asian 10 look like?
She balks at the Netflix and Chill offer
Do you have patience for girls?
Au Pair game
Banging An Associate's Ex - Where's the Line ?
Notch Count / Bang Count - Which bothers you more?
Photography Game
Functional Humor - Voice Impressions and Creating Characters
WIA appreciation thread
A simple yet powerful mental trick: awww, how cute.
The Age Problem
Halloween Costume Ideas?
Girl overtly wants sex and other virgin girl
How to act in bars and clubs? ( first time )
I gotta stop rawdogging these hoes (srs)
Making friends (male friends)
Does anyone game at music festivals?
I Got Robbed By 2 Hoes In Hollywood
Make Him Mine teaches game to post-wall career women tired of getting pumped & dumped
Do you date girls older than yourself?
Anyone here seen Casino?
Pole Dancing classes?
Advice regarding night game
I do not know if she was virtuous
What do you do?
Have you ever fucked a chick that flaked on you?
Bang reviews
The Departed - Elevator Pickup...excellent
Took her home, but we didn't have sex. Where did it go wrong?
How To: Craigslist Bi/Les Threesomes
Online date not working out - guys can use this too, right?
Forum 2 Page 18

Ethnic Dating Apps
Cuffing Season 2016
Most Cringe-Inducing PUA Term?
Are We Just Asking Too Much From Women?
Just lost my proper job, going to be doing bartending... any tips?
Video Rant against Pick Up
What Would It Take To Swoop a VS Model
Vox Day's Socio-Sexual Hierarchy: What rank are you?
Favorite Things That Girls Have Said to You
The Fake Phone Call Move
Not being able to get it hard for one particular chick....
Your biggest game fuck up.
The Harsh Medical Reality: be careful where you stick your dick in, gentlemen (TRP)
Is her face naturally that beautiful? Or did she have work done?
Making friends with other guys
The 6 Phases of Being a Player
Tight Supermarket Game
Legalizing and subsidizing prostitution is the only way to balance the sexual market
The Strange Dichotomy of Muslim Girls
Online dating currently sucks. Here's why (and what to potentially do about it)
How to Deal with Insecure/Low Self Esteem Girls
Ghosting After Sex
Girls who know they won't fuck you but let you pay for her drinks on dates
Thick girls and fat girls
How do you guys make friends after 30?
Am I deluded or lucky?
Ever been stopped by security for approaching?
Find your NICHE bitch....
Banging Feminists
Closing without alcohol and logistics issues
Exchange Programs
What's a good self improvement product?
Hilarious day game pick up lines (youtube video)
When is Past Performance NOT Indicative of Future Results
To Have Or Not To Have Kids?
LMR – at your front door
Oddities In The Game
Getting pumped for game-Have you done it?
When she talks bad about you, you did a good job
Can Hot Guys Be "Creepy" Too?
Forum 2 Page 19

A result or a coincidence?
Where are the good women
Early use of pet names / terms of endearment
Things I've learnt after breaking out with LTR. What have you learnt?
Player Personal Essentials When Going Out: What You Carry
The 6 life stages of the player, do you agree ?
Analysis of this Situation
Mobile Dating Apps - Use them from a laptop and make it faster!
Stop Squinting
Do you use ethnic/regional stereotypes to your advantage?
Physically Present, Emotionally Distant
3 months of eharmony for $20 (deal expries in 4 and a half hours)
Where do you find this type of chick ?
What are your favorite pickup channels on YouTube?
The "you look like you're having the most fun here" opener
Threesome setup help
For Married guys....
Best resource for club game
Daygame - Getting started
Cheap date ideas? Fun Activities + Bounce Activities
Gaming addiction
Blue balls and last minute resistance
When girls are rude to you
She's Not Good Enough
Gaming on a Strict Budget
Crazy bitches' penis envy
Accidentally stumbled into pseudo fame game
To break up or not?
Moral quandary about fading latina
What a great daygame motivational song from 1962
Her Bore Friend Moved Six Hours Away
New plate seems to be in control....
Daygame to attract older women
Maintaining tension to keep her around
Can a man who has slept with over 200 women still attract a good girl
Approaching in martial arts gyms
The Jump-Off Rulebook
She wants to buy a sex toy
Naturally Thin Girls vs. Girls Who Exercise to Stay Fit
The mathematics of promiscuity
Forum 2 Page 20

The kinds of girls open to hookups and ONS at parties?
Dance Floor Game – using music to get laid
so which one of these two types of women is less desirable
Help me get out of a rut
Squirting Orgasms
Screening questions
Open This Girl - College Campus Edition
Prioritization
Experiments with withdraw let you know
Girl I Banged Wants To Give Me Back All My Letters And Postcards To Her
The First Few Minutes... ?
Hooking up at student nights
Most Sexual Daygame I've seen......
Characteristics of a quality plate
Really fast pulls
Best city sport leagues
Trivia Game - how to kick start a social circle
Review: "How To Date Young Women For Men Over 35" by R. Don Steele
Smile
The Anti-Player Community Support Thread
Amerok's Game 2.0
Correlation between sex and personality.
Neighbor Game
Guitar Game
On strip club game
Lies in the community (shots fired)
was it my fault?
Pride vs. Pussy
Become good at noticing
Using the Science of Social Engineering to Succesfully Meet Girls in Bars
Banging one girl after another without 'washing up' in between  ?
Every girl I bang wants to be a girlfriend! is it a curse?
House Party
Do Foreign Girls Swallow?
The ESL Game Datasheet
YOUR Worst Moments
How to Spot a Good Girl
BPD/Crazy Identification & Support Group
Single man being invited by attractive married friend to go with her and friends?
Sertanejo Gaming in Brazil
Forum 2 Page 21

Have you ever had a female roommate?
Led Astray
PSA: Tinder Social is outing you to your facebook friends
Newsworthy Events while you were having sex
How do you deal with girls on their period?
House Parties?
Cold approaching and street game
A Cautionary Lesson
Favorite Things Girls Do For You
Girl wants to have a shot from a dildo in front of me at a bar
Which game book is most relevant in 2016?
2016 Game Goals
Good looking loser
Breakup therapy?
Gaming girls at community colleges?
Outside of the box type of game
Met A Virgin: Have 2 Questions
As Flacid as a Mangina
Assume all women want your dick. Your thoughts are instructions for your future self
Mobile Hotspot Tethering Internet Game
Feeling detachment towards women
Banging an ex
I just broke off a 6 year relationship
Food + Sexual Foreplay
Daddy issues game?
Aggresive Reverse Baiting
Las Vegas hot girls and nightclub guide and why vegas will improve your game fast
Where to Meet & How to Bang Middle Eastern Girls (living in the USA)?
Tips for Halls of Residence in UK Universities
How to deal with girls flaking in the middle of a date?
New Tinder profile without deleting old?
Asshole game actually works
Age of being the provider ?
3 x Gold Memberships for Tinder Profile Review
Molding women from the opposite world into yours
A question about cockblocking
Status vs Fame, Which of the 2 is most important?
The Bondage/Domination Thread. NSFW images inside
Will game change post-Hillary Clinton as President?
Is finding a traditional, non (less) corrupted girl regional?
Forum 2 Page 22

So IS the hunt for quality p as terrible as some say?
Mindset to handle rejection without getting crushed :
The world's most overrated women
The Definitive Guide to Gaming Barmaids
What's The Worst You've Treated A Chick That Still Had Her Coming Back For More?
Day Game advices
Video:  NEW In-field daygame Proof of Anti-Male America
Gaming (and banging) educated American black women
Comparing and contrasting Latinas and Filipinas
On Instagram vs Online Dating-an analysis
Gaming white women as a black guy
Unjustly Overlooked Hotties: Thank Vinny
South East Asia - 3 Months
How young should the game be taught to boys?
"You're Not The Biggest I've Ever Had"
Singles event this evening
Prolapsed cervix/uterus
Charity Event/Volunteer Game
Asian-American Girls Data Sheet
Cum in their mouths/cum on their faces ?
Dating Women Less Educated Then You?
What's you strategy with girls arriving to your home city for tourism, business?
Your favorite/best game resource
Will songwriting affect my SMV?
LINUX's Manifesto on Nightgame -- Screening, Numbers, Sex, & Rape
Why are women so stuck up?
How to hit up a chick +8 months afterwards (sex and lies) ?
Dine and Dash?
What's a good affordable gift for a girl?
Name One Thing Manosphere Guys HATE That You Generally LIKE
No logistics. Renting a place or buying a car?
Kicking a girl out after sex
Is Prankinvasion for real? (guy frencn-kisses 50+ girls on the street)
[GAME THOUGHTS] - Social Media v. Video Games
LUG - Lesbian until graduation
Datasheet: Social Circle Game A How To
Does this guy have game?
See Russell Brand running game
Do you wish an ex you recently broke up with happy birthday?
TinderPlus location change?
Forum 2 Page 23

Jobs Conducive To Getting Pussy
What is your ideal threesome situation?
Players, Is club life really declining?
Gaming your sister's girlfriends
Average Guy's Default Game
Do you get easily a woman swallow your... ?
Daughters of well to do immigrants from traditional cultures
Best Program For Iphones For Mass Texting and Pre-Schedualed Texts?
New innovative Tinder feature: groups
Interest after you leave country
Breaking off casual relationships with girls
Would you bang a girl if you know she was banging someone else the night before?
When will youth ever learn?
Tips and advice for Club and Bar Game
Asperger's Syndrome Girl!
Best songs to help 'Spot the Slut' in clubs
"Do you have a car"? The answer is No. How to respond?
Interesting real life approach from girls perspective.
Does #NoFap Turn You Into A Savage?
Elmechs daygame hack
Meetup.com Shutting Down PUA/Dating/Singles Groups
How can you make yourself horny when you're really not?
Busy/Career/Business Guys: Where do you guys meet girls?
What's your approach strategy at the bar?
Ohlala, is it for sentimental prostitution or sexual prostitution?
USA: Consent precautions to prevent false accusations
On average, what do you think is the longest stretch an American girl in her 20s goes
Beta relapse thread
The power of beards
Game in Montreal?
Guys hitting on your girl while you're there
I banged a hot black chick
In Your Experience Who Are Worse Cockblockers: Men Or Women?
Issue with young chicks wasting my time
My longterm girlfreind gave me the ok to have a harem.
Are oral herpes not a big deal to some people?
Video: Guy gets double BJ on balcony
How would you define "Advanced" Game?
Thread for Younger Guys (Ages 18-21)
A little stuck in my city
Forum 2 Page 24

Having a Crisis of Faith
Sexual repression
Re-adjusting to the USA and dating here
Defending yourself Against a woman's most powerful weapon: Emotional Manipulation
She likes to take a piss out of you
How different will Game be in the next 50 years ?
What do you guys consider a 1?
Tips for Picking Up Hapa Girls
Women wearing fake wedding rings
Ever banged a woman who had female circumcision?
Break up then make up
Badoo tactics
An American 10 VS An EE 10
How many girls have you banged in a 24 hour period
Women are using Tinder to con (beta) men into doing chores
Do Pretty Girls Live In An Alternate Reality?
Her male friend
How to lose fear?
Fucking bar bitches raw
What/When was the event that caused you to start gaming these whores.
Getting girls to swallow
What does it mean... When you tell a girl you like her will leave you "vulnerable" ?
My "Two Dates at One House Party" Experiment Report
LTR move - "You need to invest more in the relationship"
dirty-affairs.com Is it real?
Beautiful Women Flirting With Other Guys To Make You Jealous?
Depressed in New Orleans
Relationship Game
Gaming Tallahassee/Florida State
Are Canadian Women Really Hopeless Like American Women?
The Big Easy is Getting Overrun with Gender Shit
How "Fat" Are You Willing To Go?
Musician game
Film & TV Characters with Game
Who has the most game: Jerry, George, or Kramer?
I'm like a magnet, I attract crazy chicks...
Protection against Female Deception
One Year Rolling Solo/'In The Game' - A Reflection
Letting girls know you're visiting for a week - yay or nay?
Anti-Poon hobbies
Forum 2 Page 25

Masculine Activities for Gaming
This vid proves to never aks women for dating advice
Girls flat-out stating "there won't be sex tonight"
Do you prefer a blowjob before or after sex?
Complicated situation. What should I do?
Need Help!! 3 Sloots Tonight
Ask a black man - Dating
SexuaI Impotent Issue: I can ONLY get sexually aroused by Busty Women w/ Big Booty
Respond to "I have a boyfriend" with Luckystar's line
The vanishing act
Shit test from plate
Photo text game
Most problematic chick this year
Older guy, 27yo Colombiana
The Panoramic View: Why Black Men Prefer White Women and the So
Tips for Estonian girls..
The Night Game Thread
Mundo Lingo Datasheet
The Awakening - Part 3
Bursts of general female interest
Pretty much the best daygame I have ever seen [video]
On the hunt for unicorns
What to say to a chick who asks for your opinion on getting a boob job?
Two Seated Chicks having a Heart to Heart - Engage or Avoid
CAST game Is LEGIT-Get in here fellas
Histrionic Personality Disorder and why you should know about it
Strategy for ideal wife and married life
Strategy for The Bachelorette?
Am I turning into a beta or just getting old? Desiring smart women.
Social Media / Exclusivity
Deaf Game Datasheet
Emergency Room Game
Her Brother is gay?
Alphas you knew at a young age and what happened to them later in life
ROK article about getting over anger in life.
Weirdo doing day game approaches (videos)
Data Sheet Wanted - Culinary School Girls/Chefs
Girl Calls You "Daddy" During Sex - Your Reaction?
When you become red pill you see/realize so much beta around you...
Ballet Dancers: Perhaps A Source of Virgins and Feminity
Forum 2 Page 26

How Reliable Is Our Gut Instinct?
When girls indirectly approach you
Is this the 1000 cock stare?
Sugar babies
Artist game
She Has the Power If you’re the one Mate-Guarding. Betas Mateguard, Alphas Disregard.
Does it work when a woman wants to meet at an expensive place?
What do I say?
Instant Chill Playlist
I Can't Cum the Third Time I Have Sex
Cheating and logistics for ONS
Advice: Are Women Rude, or Am I Too Judgemental?
Using Alcohol To Cure Approach Anxiety (Alcohol Game)
When She Says She's Annoyed
Online Game Tricks Masterthread
How to Be a Motherfucking Pimp by Dazzle Razzle
Describe your friend who gets laid the most
Rawdogging abroad + condom questions
Here's a video of me getting a girl's number (please give me your feedback)
Women who say they prefer average-looking chubby guys over ripped ones?
Electric Energy Attraction. Any experiences with this?
Gaming with Children
Which country of women has the largest natural breasts? 
Anyone here able to compile a SUPERTHREAD of the best/specific advice?
Turning her ON in the bedroom
Convention Game
Ex Girlfriend In Venezuela Pregnant Need Advice
Comfort is NOT attraction
Vice documentary on Masculinity
Beta female orbiters
Genetic Match Theory (of Game)
Funniest/awkward pick up stories
Delivery over Time
Gaming while wearing Glasses
Coffee Meets Bagel - online dating mobile app that solves a lot of Tinders problems
Are NYC Women Gold Diggers?
Gaming girls with boyfriends
How many meetups/"dates" before she is "comfortable"?
How do you deal when a female is on her period?
Has anyone been fooled by a transsexual?
Forum 2 Page 27

Wearing a bear claw necklace (peacocking accessory)
How women choose the Cock Carousel, and why still there are omegas who encourage them
online game vs day game in russia
The Good Girl/Bad Girl Test
How would you react if girls motioned you over from across the bar?
Muslim Girls: The best girls in the world hands down
Ugly guy game
Girls that masturbate during sex
Top Red Flags to watch out in your potential LTR
Backslide Into Beta - Roosh V post
The Mankini Game
Seeking LTR Navigational Advice
How does the game change when you transit from student to worker?
On Nexting Bitches
On Online Dating
Girl not remembering guy from sex one year ago - common?
Roommates
London Daygame on English girls
Lucky w Strippers. But what now?
Swooping Girls:  Ice Cold Mass Murderous Swoop Move on The Solo Tip
Never thought I'd ask this, but did I just get used for sex?
Situation with a German chick.
Telling a girl you had a dream about her...
Sealing the deal with a rich princess
I dated a PUA--Should I expose him?
Girl with Part of Arm Missing
Red Flags In The Game
My Online Opener
Girls actually think they are good at online dating
Increased number of lays!!!
Infield Report: *Barely Legal* with MY DETROIT PLAYAS
A Primer on Fast Club Sex
TanTan: chinese tinder?
Red Flags-They are RED FLAGS for a reason
You Care Too Damn Much
Forms and effects of Approach Anxiety
Vasectomy, foreign girls and kids
One Night Stands from SOBER Night Game?
My little friend just had a really bad experience
Getting eye contact/eye fuck
Forum 2 Page 28

At which moments do you realize your game is better than before?
2 date failure-- finger but no bang....wtf
Good Looking Dude Game
New Beginning
Which ethnic group of girls do you have the easiest time gaming?
Reflections on UK women: Thirst deriving from restricted social access to women
Be an "I never do this!" guy.
"Photographer Game"
Demolishing Logistics - Making Uber a Poon Delivery Service
Would You Approach a Homeless Woman?
On House Game - Maximizing Your Pad
Multiculturalism and the alpha male provider
Finding a sugar momma
How do/could you bang a stripper without spending a lot of money?
Fellow players, I need some critique on a latin girl I've been seeing
Magician Game
Kramerica
Wanting to get married
Getting older: too tired to nightgame. Fix?
What to do if you run into your ex
After a Year In Field, some Revelations about Day Game
KirillWasHere Game?
Red Pill topics seeping into my Game
Do you use call signs to refer to chicks in your harem?
Is It Even Possible To Love a Woman Without Feeling That You Own Her?
Gaming Russian girls...any experts in the house
How low do you go (low hanging fruit)
Do you order for your date at a restaurant?
Some things I have learned from dating a stripper
Last two nurses at my house say...
A red pill night at the bar
text game
Approach anxiety tactic - Break out of solipsism
Describe Your Friend Who Sleeps With the Hottest Women
When did polyamory become a thing?
When Girls Pop Back Into Your Life
Single dads using their kids to game girls
Do you let girls know that you are going to dump them/?
Cumming on girl's faces
Shit test I can't pass "Why don't you have a gf?"
Forum 2 Page 29

The next two years of my life are in your hands gents. Some noteworthy braindump too.
Building a social circle of guys
Has anyone read books for women on seducing men?
Nick Krauser disavows Tom Torero
"I miss you, Daddy"
Audiobooks on game
Game Development Tip: BE THE FIRST TO SPEAK
Your Longest Dryspell Since Starting out in Game
If you can't dump a girl, you aren't a player
Prying into my career/job
Older guy game
Real Talk Sessions: One Man's Thoughts On "Monk Mode"
Girls you regret not approaching ?
Girls put much more value on a guy's face than any other physical feature
banned from okcupid
Should I send her a dick pic?
Topics related to SJW, etc
Weekend FR (1x lay - 3x shot down) + question
Girlfriend and tinder
The A4 waist challenge: meet the new thigh gap/belly button
Are you a father, or do you want to be?
Dating older women
Any downside to the FB to LTR progression?
Is Tinder a good proxy for judging the sexual market in different countries?
Russian guy explains how all women are like that.
Uber Game
Dominant sex moves
A Tale of the Under Achiever…
Sexual Health and Performance
The State of the Patriarchy is alive and well
Injured game?
Shitting where you eat (work): how to descalate?
Alcohol and Drug Meetings (Alcoholics Anonymous and Narcotics Anonymous)
What Have Been Your Biggest Game Learnings At RVF?
Game and Performance Enhancing Drugs (PEDs)--Can Clean Guys Compete?
49yo guy meets over 500 women on the NYC subway
Marriage/LTR etc. thoughts after overdosing on red pills.
College/Sixth-Form(UK)
Maximum number of girls in rotation
Dating more chicks after weed
Forum 2 Page 30

Apple Store
My dick went limp on a girl last night
How do you approach girls/women at hostels?
Gf Saying Some Guy On TV Is 'So Hot'. How Would You React?
Day Bang reviews
Would you date a girl who has more than one red flag?
Would you let your LTR/Wife hang out in pubs?
Just dodged a false rape accusation thanks to my recordings
Where do you draw your line?
How often to girls make the first approached
Women love men who are oozing with confidence
How to Cut Ties With a Girl Without Hurting Her?
Gaming social workers?
After beating cancer, I no longer feel like clowning.
Doing favors for girls you're banging...?
Success rate: Online chemistry vs real world chemistry?
Psychopath game - How to respond to cheating
Walked in on girlfriend having sex with another dude.  How I reacted.
Anyone else here gone YEARS without any female affection?
Gaming Virgins
Tall guy / short guy game - do girls approach short guys?
Roosh, is Cuba the next Poosy Paradise?
Girls & Masturbation
[NSFW] You are in the club and this guy slaps your girl's ass
Advanced game question
Sexually reframing an interaction
Dick pics, do you send them?
Just got a reverse eavesdropping text from a Tinder girl
Shopping mall/store game: EASIER THAN YOU THINK
Real Talk Sessions: The Realest Shit I Ever Wrote
Which nationality of Asian (Oriental) women got the nicest asses? 
Has anyone ever tried to game a famous target?
Is it worth it to show shirtless pic
How I got over my fear of going out solo
I cleaned house in january and cut my harem loose
What are some forgotten rules of etiquette that every man should know?
Married woman fantasies about Black Man
Girls getting sexually excited when you insult their husband or boyfriend
Main Girl in My Harem Pregnant ... Decided She's Keeping it
Universal Punani Game Vs Sexual Compatibility
Forum 2 Page 31

Raw dogging awareness post
Quickest way to identify Validation seekers/Attention Whores?
Fingering girls
What's the best way to approach a cute girl at a spin class or a gym?
Thoughts on "alpha"
Where do you go to meet traditionally minded, conservative girls/women in a city?
What Is the Longest You Have Successfully Gamed a Girl?
Any Recomdations On Good Condoms?
How to Become More Alpha
What is your type of girl?
What side jobs, hobbies will make it easy to meet women?
How did you do when you went to nightclubs ALONE as a FOREIGNER? What countries?
Asian women
Advice on Cougars
Bad "game" vs. innate personality. Simply unattractive?
What can we learn from job interviews that may apply to game?
Do you get shit for being single?
What tasks do you give the chicks in your life?
Girls with a lot of guyfriends a waste of time?
Shitting where you eat
Deciding between 2 logistics options
Need compliments for Compliment Sorority Girls
Real Talk Sessions: The Fourth Grown Man Hour
Sister's Friend - Brocode?
Trailer parks, Triplexes and Junkyards
Player have to's?
Gradually build up attraction with girls over time
How do you Netflix and Chill for best results?
Real Talk Sessions: The One Thing To Remember When You Leave Her
Does anyone drive for Uber / Lyft?
ONS vs. Fling vs. LTR
Gaming at conferences/exhibitions
Concerning the Korean chicks vs. all-other-Asian chicks debate...
Alcoholic vs. Non Alcoholic First Dates
People hating on rollin solo
Are girls slutty by nature or do they only hook up to compete with their peers?
Quantifying Chicks
A different twist to online game
Would general data sheets be beneficial?
Am I attracting a certain type of girl?
Forum 2 Page 32

How long to keep a girl
When it comes to game, how lazy are you?
My indirect game sucks
Are American women more honest then West-European women?
Game Breakdown of Tyrion meeting Daenerys
Overheard Game
Do you reveal your real age? to those over30s
What Game Did Your Dad Use on Your Mom?
Women that throw other guys in your face after breaking it off?
It takes two to cockblock
Swoop Strategies for Valentines Day
Speed Closing
Where do you find women to date in your 40's?
Pick up success with waitresses at restaurants, gas station attendants, movies etc.
SAME girl for 10 years or more.  Is she a permanent ONEITIS or permanent HAREM girl ?
Chances with Ex's
You know any Naturals?
Why are so many married guys pussies?
Very drunk girls
Describe your attitude towards women
Food for thought...
How do you apply "don't leave before asked or the other leaves" to text game?
Went to the Beige Phillip 3rd Anniversary Live Show on 5/20
Tai Lopez tries to teach how to pick up a women
Valentine's day
Need help on sexual undertones
In Game, is There Such Thing as..."Overdressing"?
Going after sloppy seconds
Tightest South East Asian V
Concerns over reconnecting with an old flame + thoughts leaking into your frame
Real Talk Sessions: 10 Life Lessons Peeped From The Movie "Creed"
A Tale of a "Good Date"
Relationship with ACoA Dilemma
The strange things that turn you off
Theory on single moms
Are there over 30 yr old women who are worth it?
Getting more out of her for less.
Moral Dilemma - Telling guy his fiance has been cheating
Open relationships? Who's had them here. Pros/cons?
Identifying signs of ovulation for best chance of bang
Forum 2 Page 33

Her religion
Good books on conversation
Gaming Illegal Immigrant women in America, where to go?
Cringeworthy relationship advice
Braces Flag
fsadadsdf
Are New York City women the biggest sluts?
Nice guys summed up - cowardice isn't conscious
What do you consider unrealistic standards?
Should I visit the places Im getting a ton of Tinder matches?
Slack Chat Room
How to Leverage Being An Athlete to Game
Heterogeneity in personality types and calibrating gaming styles
Donald Trump Game #WWDTD
How to use Day Bang ideas in University? Effective college campus day game.
How can you tell if a girl is on birth control?
Fixing Dull Conversations with Girls
Duality of men and women
Is being naturally biased against womens' advice/help/philosophies normal?
The Pet Shop Opener got me Laid, and a kitten. Thanks Roosh!
P4P vs. Paying for everything else
I'm going full Beta for the next two days
How are you making Game fun
Brotip Applying Nicotine on your dick to get chicks addicted to sucking your cock
Describe your friend that gets laid the least
Acting classes can dramatically improve your game
Devolving into caveman game
The Power of Game
How to friend zone a girl?
Is there a problem? If so, are you helping or hurting?
How to keep relationship from stagnating
What's the deal with Armenian girls?
Using Non-Verbal Displays Of Dominance to Set Frame in Interactions With Women
Mind Blown: Beta dweeb gets the girl. Help me process this
Real Talk Sessions: #StopWastingYourTime2016
How to Succeed in the Sexual Market In Spite of Women's Current Tech Advantage
Datasheet: How to Get First Date Bangs When You Live in the Suburbs
Failed attempts at instilling jealousy.
Work vs. Non-work Personas
Social Circles When Abroad
Forum 2 Page 34

Real Talk Sessions: The Third Grown Man Hour
What's the toughest girl you ever cracked?
A Note on Sex, Women and Marriage: To My Son on His Twenty-First Birthday
Oh Fuck Hot Girls Every Where
When is losing your temper with a girl a good idea?
Gayest PUA I've seen.
How many years did it take you to fully destroy ALL your old beta habits ?
How to beat your wife - 90% of british women don't want to marry a weak man!
Abundance mentality versus reality?
I knocked some girl up abroad and I need advice
Guru and Cult Leader Game
Is the second date dead?
On Abundance Mentality
What do you think forum members' penis and testicles look like? (NSFW)
Looking for an LTR?  Homeschooled girls will submit
The "2015 Notch Count" Thread
College daygame: How to get fast day game approaches
Relationship is over
The Job
I'm pretty sure my last girlfriend read the roosh forum
"If she's not good, leave her.  Don't wait."
Girls That Suck at Kissing
Gaming on the Cheap
Girls doing disgusting facial grooming on guys they are in love with
Stringing along wall threatened party girls
When do you decide if you want to smash a girl raw or not?
Player Version of the Lord's Prayer
#WasteHisTime2016, WTF??
Dutch driving instructors can trade lessons for sex
When it's okay to pay for stuff, and when it's stupid
Anyone ever noticed getting ANGRY at girls gets them on your dick?
2014-2015 - Kaotic's self analysis review & guide on RVF
Gave redpill lesson on train
Cliff Notes of the Undercover Sex Signals Book
16 and Pregnant Star’s Post About Son Stirs Controversy
Opened girl in store: unsure about signals, so bailed
How many times do you smash in a night?
What percentage of girls that you hook up with do you really connect with?
Oral Encouragement
Nuttin' No Go So! Fucking New Year's Eve!
Forum 2 Page 35

The Nature of Women
What’s Up With Women Who Never Grow Up?
Prevalence of daygame in UK
Remember, A woman's value to you is her behavior, not looks...
Having Sex With Important Women
Easy places for Game in  the US
Attentionwhoring and orbiting
Real Talk Sessions: Time To Grow Up
Marrying conservative women from abroad and bringing them over to the west
My best pickup
Jagnum’s A Year in Review
Have You Ever Broken A Woman?
Is it a Bad Move for a Married Man to Allow Another Man to Stay in His Home?
Public Transportation Game
Guys who try to start shit
How much time do you spend in game ?
Whats the deal with British women?
Life as a Man in the Anglosphere: Pussy on a pedestal
If you were falsely accused of rape, what would you do?
End of Year Assessments
Would you rather have oral herpes or genital herpes?
Read Receipts On or Off?
Coming to pick her up and her neighbor was there
Goth clubs (not much to see here)
Switching over to day game while maximizing looks/IOI's
How do I avoid the 'making up for missing out' syndrome.
Easy Game Tip for Short Guys and My Hobbit Brothers
She Comes First by Ian Kerner - Animated Summary
Real Talk Sessions: The Fuckboy Congregation
What the hell happened while Badwolf was gone???
Why Owning A Hostel Will Hurt Your Game (10 Reasons)
Has this ever happened to any of you fellas?
LTR fans.  Debate about the ultimate feasibility of taming a woman, do unicorns exist
The 10 Invisible Barriers to Daygame
What are your thoughts on "Love"?
Lying about your age?
Aloof Game
"Always be willing to lose her at any moment"
Dipping my pen in the company's ink ?
Post 1st date comms
Forum 2 Page 36

SA drying up???
Some questions about phone game
Having kids
When women wear your clothes, what does it mean?
Shy guy game!  Ever tried picking up girls while being shy?
How do you react to women in your family after red pill?
Your body language during the approach
SDA (Seventh Day Adventist) Girls
What country has the best players?
The hamster..., the hamster...
Turning Conversation into a interesting one
The "Do you have a girlfriend?" shit test
Pre-emptively Nuking the Friend Zone
Best formula for first date with girl you met online?
What do you think about these badoo openers?
Weaponized: Add Kenton Kneppers “Cold Reading” to your arsenal.
Is This Woman Mistress Material?
Logistics; most crucial part of game
My Beta Provisioner Smokescreen Game
Congruence
On Red Flags
The Flinch by Julien Smith - Animated Summary
On Text Game
Counsel sought regarding contractual arrangement game
Musical Tribes & Subcultures
Engaged Ex Wants to Meet Up
Has Discovering Game Become Distracting?
Keeping chicks available
Male models vs actors
A Discussion on Oneitis
On LTR Game
Favorite Grooming Products
Roosh's "Elephant In The Room"
At what age are women really washed up?
The French Playboy
Player Of The Year
Rank these 40-somethings
Gaming Christian Arabic girls for LTR/marriage
The one guy who doesn't get pussy
Essential android tools for modern players and alphas
Forum 2 Page 37

A funny story about some horrible game...
Do you want your chick to be like this?
Telling a genuine 9 from a really well dressed 5
On Cooking for Playboys
My Optimized CouchSurfing Tactic
What is it with girls who dye their hair blue or green?
Hooking Up With Co-workers [Service Industry Edition]
Shy Girls
Want to make my club game better
Is fame game really worth all the troubles?
Do we Brazilians overestimate Aussie Girls?
Camping for Playboys
Suggestions on poor logistics
How do you evaluate a woman's cooking?
Best things to open online?
University of Toronto Study Results
Would You Hit It? *THREESOME EDITION*
2 day game dilemmas
How to deal with Beta Passive Aggressive guys like this?
I am The Female Mack - Butta 'Fly' Jonez
"Hi, I'm every girl ever"
Rapper Trick Daddy on women and relationships
wing appreciation
The most expensive bang ever
The Awakening - Part 1
How far have you been white knighted or cockblocked?
Would You Recommend Plastic Surgery to a Young Cousin?
Bad, bad game
Text game analyst
Hand Massage - Taking an Interaction from Zero to Sexual
Solo Dolo is the way
Not Getting Married/LTR'd vs Abundance Mentality
Were you successful before discovering game?
Sexualizing the Conversation
Responding to 'do you miss me?'
Mother daughter game
Girls with boyfriends. 
Learning From Comedians...
The Evolution of an LTR
Filipino Girls on Facebook
Forum 2 Page 38

Girl bit my dick. Was that an IOI?
Just like that poof
To what extent is every woman a slut?
No girls = wasted night. am I the only one?
social circle game
Mentality behind girls fucking you but not letting you kiss them?
Making your girl go from an 8 to a 10 if she gets in better shape?
at what age girls/women care the most about looks?
The Same Day Lay Thread
"I can only marry a Muslim"
Come and say hi to me  at my job
Buy Real Passport ,Visa,Driving License,id cards [[email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */]
Dating in my mid-Fifties is Challenging!!!
Anybody ever have identical twins -- ideally simulataneously?
The Tinder 'Approach' Thread
Frugal gaming
Should I get back with my wife after this?
Meeting women in NYC
Girl not showing up on a date - how to react?
Of Housewives and Hoes - The Dichotomy
Has anyone here ever gotten a girl to remove her only tattoo?
What is the correlation between online success and in-field ?
A new kind of LMR: "Last minute rape scare"
How would you design a Game diagnostic?
How many approaches before your first bang
Giving up your seat for women
Post-First Date Ghosting + Flaking
Out of the game, a success story
Day Game College Approaches
Buying girls drinks: America vs Eastern Europe
Has quitting social media improved your game?
Age old question: girls with close guy "friends"
Real-life sampling of forum members' game
Where did you meet your last 5 lays?
Day Bang in Action (audio recording)
At an impasse, think I need to start day game
Where did you fuck your first online girl?
Forgot her birthday. What would you do?
Badoo dating pools
Pivot problem
Forum 2 Page 39

Gaming girls who smoke - for non-smokers (sort of)
The Awakening - Part 2
Dating a local girl in Hong Kong
On Game and Oneitis
If you had to live in a foreign country and marry a woman from there...
Lakers' Nick Young on How to Run Game on Twitter
Anyone else have this problem when you go out?
Game before the "smartphone era?"
Study: Pick and choose a complete text exchange that was successful…
Reflections of a two year LTR
Grouping women into categories
Advice requested on how to shake a B
Keep your chick's PDA in check
The "I just had a fight with a girl, and here is what I did" Thread
Do you ever feel wrong about any actions? (Morality)
Was this Beta? PART 2
Complete lack of emotional investment
1st Lays I'm soft, with ex-gf I'm ROCK HARD. Is this mental??
Why You Keep Getting LMR
What does the average girl look like in your area?
European girls in the USA
I got really lucky then I got really unlucky. pt2
Notch Vs. Boner Test
what is the slut face?
Repeat after me: women are like children
Most beta things you have done.
Possibly Horrific Game
Girls you banged who also banged someone famous
Cooking Game
What's Up With Guys Who Are Into Other Guys Pounding Their Wives?
Game Goals for 2015
Yes, No, Maybe, Slow No
Solution to Indian Troll problem
She doesn't respond to your initial text. Now what?
How do you convince a girl not to shave?
Under What Situation Do You Spit the Best Game?
A solution to the flaking epidemic?
Speed Dating Datasheet
Electronic Trophy Case: Taping Your Bangs
Learning game in Africa
Forum 2 Page 40

Learning game in Africa
Video examples and analyses of players with girls: a compilation
My LTR Cost Me a Notch Thread
Game that works optimally (advanced)
Are true players psychopaths?
Life of being the booty call
I got gangraped in a club but couldn't seal the deal
Question for divorced men
best bar to meet foreign girls in quebec city
I-Just-Had-A-Threesome Thread
First date:  language barrier game advice
Smart acting fat bitches and prima Donna hippos
International Giggolo Game
The I-Just-Got-Cockblocked Thread
Apocalypse opener field test day!
Is game becoming harder/Smartphones
Notches that Make You Question Your Game
Morning first bang?
Inner game for hitting on very young girls
Girls asking to "take a break" after ~20 minutes of condom sex?
What is the female equivalent of a slim guy who doesn't lift.
HELP!!  Break up,  being stalked,  threatening self harm to herself
Favourite Opener?
The Modern Harem Thread: How to Build, Maintain, and Expand your own Group of Girls
Need help closing a Kurgistani girl
Same Approach, Different Results, Slap Shit Test?
Make your own lube – better than store bought and 40 times cheaper!
All women are truly attention whores
How do I take a tasteful picture of my penis?
Reverse shit test
Maintaining a Mistress/girlfriend while married
The effect of Islam on young Muslim girls in the west
Game after a LTR.
What was your Erasmus experience like?
gay bars a good place to pickup chicks or not
SMP for Men over 35-40
Strong desire to have children
Beards
Accidental DHV
Do you think cosmetic surgery can improve game?
Forum 2 Page 41

Word association games to help your game/conversational skills
Game and skewed sex ratios
At What Age Did You Lose Your Virginity?
Women Who Give You Their Number And Later On Drop The Boyfriend Bomb
Going back to her place
Anybody close or get frisky at amusment park:Disneyland, Magic Mountain, etc?
Gaming black women as a white guy
Putting women on the back burner
Changing the vibe from friendly to sexual?
How To Tell Potential Side Piece...She'd Be The Side Piece
Is Donald Trump an Alpha Male? Is he neomasculine?
Missing the thrill of the hunt with GF
Women who hang out with gay men
Tinder in Vegas??
Why are so many women lesbians?
Tinder for Married guys??
Pub Crawl game++
Starbucks Evenings: Locations Now Serving Alcohol
Facebook Is Trying To Get You To Friend Your One-Night Stands
I used beta nice guy game to get my dream girl's number...
How Deep Is Your Cover ?
Game/PUA concepts you don't agree with.
What this Sugar baby teaches about wealthy married men
Why are crazy girls always the best in bed?
From invisible to muff magnet
Sexual assault claims after SNL
Terrible at Remembering Girls' Names Now
Is it possible to demonstrate lots of DHV but still not be able to get the girl?
Best tactic to pull from a club when travelling abroad with a wing?
Socializing with a girl's male friends
Frank Zappa's game is super tight
Breakups and Revenge
A pretty woman walks into the Espy's
Game Tip: Use Your Mother as a Wing Woman
Ideal age for men to settle down and picking up the right wife
Is There A Point Of Diminishing Returns On Weightlifting And Attracting Girls?
How many girls you kissed maximum in just one night
Got dumped by my last spinning plate
Basically banned from my favorite pickup spot. What's my action?
Training your girlfriend to be a real feminine woman guide
Forum 2 Page 42

Tumblr/Tinder Disaster: "Straight White Boys Texting"
Great advise from an older wiser friend
The worst article I read in the longest time....
Resisting the urge to lock down hotter girls
How do deal with girls wanting drinks?
Advice from experienced players
Polish Girls Confusing Me
Ancient Roman Game
Smartphone game: Dale Douglas (pen name) of sniperseduction.com - what the heck?
Women with hugely inflated self image
Roosh artcile: The 3 Principal Types Of Game and phone game
If a girl said you smelled nice, you're doing it wrong
Real Talk Sessions: The Truth About Gaslighting
Need help seducing a Japanese model
has anyone have experince with a IUD
I bought the book day before yesterdday. Today I have a 7.5 blond coming to meet me
Being middle 30's and dating/fucking girls aged 17-24ish.
How to Enter a Venue
Age old idioms that ring true...
I 'Shored' a whore in Moscow
Hot 17 yo who was into me is now scared after discovering my real age
After-Work Gaming...best spots?
What do you listen to before going out?
My Journey So Far
Lies you've told on first dates
The Condition of the Average Frustrated Chump in 2015 in the West
Looks/ money don't matter like some of you think, here's what matters most with women
How to get better at texting? (with attachment)
Gaming in a foreign language: a double edged sword?
Courting girls - Ideas for 2nd dates and beyond
Not everyone is made to be a Player
Do average men in big cities have a harder time online dating?
best responses to when she says 'you're young' or some other variant of that
Almost "shored" a Russian Whore
New Dads -  Daygame with your little wingman :)  any advice?
What made you start using game?
Avoiding fake profiles in your online game...
Evaluate my line on reacting to looks-compliements
what is your age range of appoach?
From Jet Set Exec to Homeless - How Divorce and White Knighting destroyed a life
Forum 2 Page 43

LAY REPORT: How to Unfriendzone a Girl +INFIELD with girls
Whats it like to have status?
How has YOUR game changed as you've gotten older?
The Dating Apocalypse
Elderly openers or Krauser's openers?
How much does respect matter?
Vanity Fair article on Tindr
*** ALWAYS TAKE A PICTURE OF THE CONFIRMATION TEXT ***
Definitively summing up "Game" Concepts
Study says more sex doesn't improve relationship happiness...
One mini success insta-date—a shout out to WIA
Banging girls as a Uber driver
The Brazilian HB 5 and the sad state of affairs of American women
spinning plates - how to hold women as long as possible in, if they invest a lot?
Stupid Rookie Game Mistakes While Abroad
Picking up girls as a priest
How to keep her as a f**k  buddy??
Getting respect
How much time do you have to game?
The Positivity Thread: the Law of Attraction & Your Positive Experiences with Girls
Article: Hitting the Streets with a Top Model Scout: A Firsthand Look at How New Tale
White Boy Swag: Gaming Black Girls As A White Guy
I got good results with this online conversation (re)starter
Blending texting and calling
My golden rules on game/life
Best way to end things?
Utilizing Pusheen the Cat in text game
Do you care what others think of the girls you bang?
Live blogging the bar
Anyone Dated a Ballerina?
Get your stuff back after cutting ties
What do you guys consider a natural 10?
How many girls do you go through before finding a DTF girl?
More gangster
Big Brandon Carter & RooshV On Gym Pickups
little bit more effort then just a convo and few drinks
online game vs day game
Mathematician hacked OKCupid to find the girl of his dreams
Player or Poseur: What Are We Looking At Here?
Breaking it Off in Spite of the Guilt
Forum 2 Page 44

Virtual logistics with Airbnb
Key Insight: 80s and 90s Pop Songs by Female Artists
When money become more important to women?
Becoming the God of the Dance Club
Lying About Your Age and Mini-Relationships
What EXACTLY constitutes a woman being a 8-10?
Chick crack by assanova
When you think you'll never find another woman like her...
The Sly Smile
Phone wallpaper photo
Would you date / bang a pregnant girl?
List of quality content on the 'macro' side of PUA?
Ideal Bachelor Pad Layout
Athleticism and Game
Advice on a Re-Approach
*** THE TIGER CLAWS THREAD- The #1 Way to Increase Retention ***
Mate: Become the Man Women Want (By Tucker Max)
Getting upset when girls are fucking everybody but you. How to stop this?
Second-to-last-minute resistance
Trouble Adjusting to Mediocre Women
Sticking point in my game
How do you deal with photo-crazy girlfriend?
simonafc and Giovonny daygame 5/27-6/2
Positive thinking/attitude when approaching and in daily life.
Do your flakes actually give counter-offer?
Getting laid through photography
Hello everyone from NYC World Tour! (Edited)
How to tell if someone is playing games/or just not that interested
I am very, very young and I generally have better game than men twice my age
Golden Advice About Texting
Breaking into private parties
Girls showing unusually strong interest only to blow you off
Anybody know how to best game Russian women?
Lee Marvin's Interview Shows Importance of Not Taking Girls Seriously
Picking up 18-20 year olds
Pierced tits
Body language
Beach Game For Average Guys
........
Condoms Vs Bareback ?
Forum 2 Page 45

Quality vs quantity -or- Why do you bang 5's?
Grouper online dating
Prolonging dry-spells vs. banging low quality
Having a wife/gf and still pick up other women
Came up with/heard a burning game theory? Say it here!
When to respond on Tinder
Thoughts from a 37-year-old virgin
I'm paying for advice
Sometimeishness when it comes to being social
Is this a valid, accurate reason as to why men always have to be the initiators?
Do you have to be financially stable, self-sufficient, in order to get laid, get date
Soup..
My girls that "love" me let me see other woman and it upsets me.
Remembering stuff girl says
Do clubs pay hot girls to go?
Think you found wife material - how to know it's not an act?
Quicktip: Simple & effective exercise to improve vocal tonality
Real-Time Male Hamster Fodder, or, Are You Sure You Want To Play?
Auto filtering of Low Quality
Penetration Testing
Ashley Madison Data Sheet
What quality of girl do you generally aim for?
Dating site that favours men
The I Met a Chick Who's Been to Dubai Thread
The Women you don't want to have sex with
Women's World Cup Soccer Feminine Japanese vs Tomboy American Women
Tinder Plus + Hacks
would you date/pursue a girl with a model face but thicker body type?
"Rape By Deception" Would almost be funny if it wasn't true
Critique my Zero-Date bang strategy. (30+ bangs so far)
GameData: an online game (sharing) journal with statistics
The sober threesome
Plate showing early symptoms of AF/BB
Good songs/playlists to escalate/fuck to
Just for fun ... witty replies to a book called "Hooking Up"
Nastiest and Freakiest girls you've been with
Will heterosexual man marriage become the new game?
Mass Group Texting
Sober Living game
The Most Beautiful Race On Average
Forum 2 Page 46

Do you want a LTR/girlfriend?  Here's how to get one.
Quick and effective game tip
50 Shades of Grey
Abundance mentality in action
Staying motivated
What does SA stand for?
Chances of getting noticed?
Reason Beta Males Pedestalize Women - article also explains MGTOWs & Game-denial
Is it possible to build a romantic connection when you're not her "type"?
Game Opener: Gay Marriage Legalization by the Supreme Court
Anyone here ever have sex with a celebrity?
Fake Casting Couch Game
Managing relationships...
Man kills another man for flirting with wife
What's the worst thing a woman has done to you?
Flirting
Don't tell your woman everything about your life
The Scale of Fuckability
Would you rawdog a lesbian?
Friendzoning yourself for social circle game
Are thirsty guys and beta guys good or bad for us?
Sometimes it's that easy
Herpes diagnosis/dichotomy - what would you do?
Banging girls off Linkedin. Impossible?
Never be afraid to tell her she wasn't "a goddess" in bed
Two Girls Have A Problem With Each Other, How Do I Get Them To Simmer Down
Most 8+ women 23 and older have boyfriends or say they do...
Ever get disappointed when you unwrapped the "prize"?
Board Games:  How to sexualize them
Three Things To Learn To Get Women!
Friends Girl coming onto me...
What to look for in roommates?
"Never, ever marry an American woman"(article)
Day Game Sticking Point
Any of you guys ever meet an asexual?
Back at point A...
deleted
I submitted a potential article to Return of Kings, did it get through?
There's bad pick-up/game and then there's this.
In Japan Women are Paying Men for "Stimulation"
Forum 2 Page 47

Married / attached women dropping hints
gaming ivy league chicks
Help with some general thoughts and interactions gone south
Travel whoring?
Real Talk Sessions: The Four Quarters Of A Relationship
How to get a girl to sleep with a married man.
Banging your teacher
Spotting A Virgin
Pro and cons of girls getting attached ?
Quick thank you
Based upon YOUR personal experience, what % of #'s result in actual date?
Just have fun
What do you consider an average 7?
Is There a Biological Reason Men Shame Other Men for Taste in Women?
Should you man up after a flake?
The most beta thing you did
De-Escalation and Re-Escalation
Best Place for Skinny Dudes?
Gone
How to deal with angry/aggressive chicks: Bottle it in or Release the anger?
Fair warning: pregnancy entrapment
Approach practice
How long would you go?
Rhode Island officials blame apps like Tinder for spike in STDs
Real Talk Sessions: Pity and The Game Don't Mix
Cold approaching girls with parents
Real Talk Sessions: See The Truth
Game without Evo-Psych
Whatsapp Web Is A Game Changer
Mentor - Los Angeles / OC
The characteristics of a man
What do you buy harem girls for birthdays?
What to do if you have Herpes [Guide]
How Important is it to Love Your LTR?
Passive Slutty
Venue Selection?
Book review: Cracking OKCUPID by This is Trouble
Real Talk Sessions: Stop Looking At Women On Social Media Sites
Tyrant vs Insurrectionist
Which Guy Has Game?
Forum 2 Page 48

Hipster Game
How to Get A LTR to do a Threesome
Is there a diminishing returns with game?
Banging the Amish
Flakes after Banging
bad weather cancellations
Sensitive to noise induced hearing damage
Side piece claims pregnant
That one girl you just can't cut off/ let go
best ways to treat bratty female relatives
How to approach more than 2 girls in USA
Real Talk Sessions: Game Is A Response To Female Neuroticism - Part I: The Pre-Game
Lactating female game
My Real Lessons From the Game--Finally Get it ALL
Dark Past : Advantage or Disadvantage ?
Favorite Moments in Game
At lost with my natural self
Do dating leagues really exist?
Need help reviewing my date game
Game getting better, LMR getting worse
Texting game psychology.
How to recover from Nice Guy first impression?
Rebound game?
I'm at a crossroads in my life. I'm scared to have sex.
Real Talk Sessions: Real Post-Mothers Day Spittin'
Game requires lots of energy
Which will get her in your hotel room
I'm changing the way I do first dates
Going to stripclub before club to get into "state"
Vitaly killing it with the single moms
Where to meet marriage material girls?
Gaming Celebrities---How hard would it be to pull off?
Facebook profile with minimum information needed
Is the Minimum Looks Threshold Higher than Ever Before?
How to solve her sexual barrier?
Gaming tall girls online?
Girls with Shorter Hair Styles??
When can a player rest?
Question for the older guys
Some Advice Dealing with A Flake
Forum 2 Page 49

How to get laid on swinger parties (for single guys and couples)
Woman ordering appetizers on drink dates
Beyond the Influence of Game?
Common variation of the "Are you a player shit test " ?
What sex-related items do you take out with you
Some tips for using Facebook to game/get ahead
The Fat Shaming Success Stories Thread. Suck it Dr. Oz!
Lets talk about Slut Radar
Tibetan Yeti Mountain Game
Sent out to many Happy Mother's day messages. . . need to recalibrate
Real Talk Sessions: Who's In The Game: Players, Spectators, Opponents, and Teammates
Constantly thinking about game/girls
When a girl says "I Hate My Father"
Inviting girls over/Hanging out when you DON'T feel like banging
Am I too hard on girls that flake?
What to do about fishiness
Serious question: how do you get tested for stds?
Pastor/assistant manager game explained
How do you get your girlfriend to agree to an MFF threesome?
The "better" I get, the worse I do
Non alcoholic game
Girls who "unfriend" you on Facebook after you pump and dump them
Be That Guy
How can the average guy build some fame?
Ever had another Player steal your girl?
Night game for non-drinkers
What to do when a girl hits you
Good restart texts to send
Get her wet with vegetables??
Hot Girls with a Bitchy Face
Should I live in a college neighborhood?
Learning Sign Language to bang deaf chicks
Power is not money. Money is not power.
What are the clues on a woman's face,hands to tell what her vagina is like?
Does Boredom or ADD affect your Banging Success
Girl Game
A creepy girl
Is daygame the worst way to meet women?
How to be a prize when you are bottom of the barrel
Underage "lesbian" eye fucking me
Forum 2 Page 50

Why you should approach girls who are " Out of your league "
I need to work on my smile
She's a totally different chick after the bang
Losing a girl to a celebrity
Text game question re: photos
shit tests outside of a romantic context
So I have an opportunity ... Text game masters please
Confidence is...
the easiest day (and night) opener ever
Why do girls love spankings?
Controlled Experiments on Pickup
Has anyone on the forum banged a celebrity?
Article on Condom Innovations
Eye contact in my office parking garage
Assuming familiarity to get her out
Weird question about phones
The new Vitaly (beta as fuck, but still a likeable chap)
Great sex positions?
"I deserve a good man"  Psssh!
Your Terms: a powerful thing
Being goofy in front of girls
Can't wait to be single again
Re-engaging the over-intellectualisers
Logistics- How close for walking distance?
In Searh Of -  Silicone Fun Bags?
Texts for girls in the "grey area"
Why do Indians have such notoriously poor game
Many Girls want the 3 D's - Drugs, Drama and then Dick
Picking up girls with your LTR for threesome?
Approaching girls in the park
Nuclear Rejection: "My Boyfriend is White and He's 6 Ft Tall!"
jaunty.org
Really Beta Article in Elite Daily
Real Talk Sessions: The Second Grown Man Hour
Peak Game: Prepare Yourselves
Gaming Sapiosexual Girls
Ashley Madison-Waste of money or worthy investment?
Flake aversion techniques
OkCupid aka OyeNewTits
How do you explain being alpha is good, being a slut is bad?
Forum 2 Page 51

How do you explain being alpha is good, being a slut is bad?
How often do you meet chicks that are single
Honeymoon Extenders: LTR events that keep people in when they should get out.
Real Talk Sessions: Fake Dimes, Loser Females, & DOA Relationships
Sergey Brin: Game Recognized
How to cover your ass cheating on FB
Running into disrespectful girls on dates
The real reason women are flaking on you
You didn't bang the girl. Do you know why?
Real Talk Sessions: It's Over Before It's Over & What To Do When You Know It
Over 50 bangs @ 23 years old. Where can I go from here?
The guys saying "The juice ain't worth the squeeze."...
Post: #1Distance from bars/club and Same Night Lays (fast booking)
Conversation topics that girls enjoy or don't enjoy
Cockblock ending techniques
Scammers and crazy internet chicks.
Approaching a girl that works at the gym
Going to the Gym with Girls
Perl Script for Colombian/Latin/Brazilian Cupid
My experience banging a virgin
Autism and Approach Anxiety
Wall-slamming as game technique
Light & Fun - Women don't deserve your explanation
where do you fall on the 1-10 scale?
Golden Era - Express ONS with a spanish girl
Lesbian game
Mixxxer Dating scratch that...fucking app
How do we justify our simultaneous desire for traditional femininity and easy bangs?
Whatsapp: Squaring the Text vs Phone debate
Got friendzoned by my own girlfriend!
Game = mindsight
Gaming as a Writer
Transformation into sex object
Mischievious Mixology
What is your go-to sex sound to get her wet?
Have you ever got a salsa bang?
Girls who mention BF BEFORE the bang: waste of time or not?
Sluts, Specials, and Unicorns
Birthday gift for LTR
How do you handle compliments?
Forum 2 Page 52

Best "get to know you" games to play with a girl
How to Pick up a Hot Waitress!!!! (Full Infield and Explanation)
Real Talk Sessions: The First Grown Man Hour
Filming during sex or nude photography
Bait to Lure the Pussy Home
Not all women like or reward assholes
Anyone bored of game and just bang prostitutes?
Can you get Laid on Match.com?
college town game for a university employee?
Can Girls Who Don't Orgasm Really Love?
A straightforward hello doesn't work anymore online
Video of random people on what constitutes good sex
Does the "Friendzone" Really Exist?
The Black Phillip Show
You really ARE the prize (and here's why)
The night game thread
King of the Hill teaches red/blue on the steady
Real Talk Sessions: The Pursuit Of Inadequacy
Unlocking the P
Anyone use 3nder or know of similar sites?
Women and their text games
Scientific study tests Indirect vs. Direct cold approach
Shit test comeback, did anyone try this or something similar?
Male modeling?
Anywhere in America
DHV Techniques
Dealing with racist male cockblockers
Pheremones Test etc.
I just banged my ex thread.
Feedback on an approach
When you suspect a girl is a 'Sub' with a capital S?
Simple pickup
18 year old sweet deal
Looking for a list of excuses that can be presented to a girl POST bang to GTFO
Hail Mary game and data sheet
Thank you to the men out there, whom I hated once
Unexpected Lays
Sending Dick Pictures to Girls
Irrational female behaviour
How to Use Hip Hop Dancing/Dance "Battles" To Get Laid
Forum 2 Page 53

Real Talk Sessions: Players Vs. Gamblers
Gaming while looking scary, menacing, or imposing.
Million dollar question: Why are American women so hung up on race?
How do women perceive pickup?
30 Bangs reviews
Using Where Event to pre screen venues and events
girls that throw themselves at you?
girls that throw themselves at you?
United States of Bros and Hos
Does game have more impact in social circle ?
Systems for Automating Online Dating?
Dating older woman - how to proceed?
Trouble Getting Columbian Flag (need advice)
The reality of LTR's
Gaming Girls Below Your Income Level?
When Bratty Guys Mess With You
Non-Virgin's cherry
Game during NCAA tournament host cities
Universal vs. Specific game concepts
College Game
Tinder Plus testing
Datasheet - Cheating on girlfriend like a pro
Inviting for things without coming off as a snob
Rusty game. Girl asks for my number
Real Talk Sessions: The Who, What, Where, Why, And How Of Convenience Game
Anybody else get off on telling women your knowledge of how they think ?
long term game??/girl in art class
What do women want?
re-opening text
Game Growing Pains: How do you deal with resurfaced anger?
sydney morbid herald
Preparing for a sex session
Is daygame doable if you cant get women online today?
Lost a girl from a wrong send message
perfect height?
can owning a night club get you laid like a rockstar ?
Frequent Flyer Lounge Game
Thoughts on Going Solitary/Ditching Friends
Pick-Up IS DIFFICULT (If you think it's easy is because you suck)
When a girl flakes on  you at the last momment
Forum 2 Page 54

Tinder to debut premium service next month
Psychology Today: 10 ways to ID a pickup artist, and fend them off
Whats your go-to movie when you've got a girl coming over?
Questions that don't deserve their own thread
College Degree- A Game Advantage
How to overciome attention whores
How To Have Sex With a Female Friend
Is David D back?
Talking Up Your Wingman
Weird Incidents in Lays
Adjustments that improved your game
How to overciome attention whores
What would you like to see in the sequel to Bang?
Lifestyle Game Ideas - Ways to Meet Women More Naturally
You Live Ten Seconds a Day
Hinge App - Better Than Tinder?
I feel like my new GF of 2 days has upper hand already
Indian Guru uses Yoga to date Women
Real Talk Sessions: Keep Your Swag On F
Has Game Improved The Sexiness Of Your Chick?
Game Doctor: Late Girl
How to take back expensive gifts when LTR starts behaving terrible
Growing up in a single mother household
Guru Game - For IRT's Only
Game Doctor: Rotten Fish
Good movies to watch when chicks come over
Tinder Internship. Game over. (or just beginning?)
turning classmates into fuck buddies
The Art of Peacocking: Sunglasses in nightclubs
Top 3 places where you meet the women in your rotation
Real Talk Sessions: Let's Talk About Sex
Perhaps Our Greatest Competition is not Other Men
All women are gold diggers.
Does Joe Biden have game?
Private vs State School college girls
Desi Casanova
8 Reasons Why 9s and 10s are easier
Can a slut be reformed?
Jealousy of other guys with Personal Improvement
My Personal Fuck Ups (Learn from my pain)
Forum 2 Page 55

Help me seal this deal today
deliberately not seeing a girl to increase feelings
Your Greatest Bang Ever
Times You've been Elderly Opened
Being raised by an attractive mother
I got "player-zoned"?
Girl says I have a boyfriend, then agrees to a date
A great neg to use in every situation
America
The hunted girl
Real Talk Sessions: On Your Self-Confidence and Confidence Killers (Part 2)
Why don't winners have more children?
Gaming Sphinxes
Valentine's Day Greetings
Player or Poseur: Taco Bell "Pimpin'"
Laundromat game.
She has 50 Shades of Grey on her bookshelf...
Anxiety when dealing with girls you like
Acting bro-y with girls ?
rawdogging no birth control
Refusing to text at all.
How to locate the small town girl in the big city?
Get laid on first meeting vs dating before sex
your house rules that make the game better
first kiss first date
How do you measure success with girls?
Game Information Overload
70% of Women in Relationships/Marriages have a Plan B Man
Banged a "lesbian" pornstar the other night
Crimes when talking about game
Guy Tries Running Game Using Marshawn Lynch Quotes
Age Difference
Funeral Game
Question: Would you let your gf cheat with a girl?
The Ghost Bang (TM?) Thread
How much does a woman love last?
Are LTRs the Ultimate test of Game?
Suburbs in winter - leaving an impression on the girl
Searching for a niche: Input for my bartender experiment
Building comfort before the bang
Forum 2 Page 56

Is it Beta to share a woman?
Perverse pleasures
entertainment team staff confession
How often do you run into hippie chicks?
Is it a mistake to be polite to American girls at all?
I acted in an adult film today
Approaching in the library
Advice on how to score with a high fashion model
Imagine if you woke up as Steve Buscemi...
"You Look Familar"
Girl's Car Gets Booted
Survey: Does anyone actually call girls anymore?
I need guidance on getting these PUA guys laid
Dilemma gaming sisters
Dating a super rich girl
Dealing With Comedians While on Dates
Rejection Therapy
Calling women out on their bullshit
Help/advice on social situation, girl related
Game In The Movies: Pretty in Pink
Okstupid - my biological theory on why you want a same day date
If she declined venue change home, should we counter-offer?
Money game: the champagne opener
Creating Rapport By Txt
Most of her friends/acquaintances don't like me, good or bad?
Big dilemma meeting "that girl"
Females dominating the convo, but not taking the lead.
Chico, California
Game Works, Even for the Facially Disfigured
Don't Misread A Girl's Actions
How many minutes for you to get a girl's numbers?
What do you think of Christina Hendricks?
Waiting For The Right Moment To Approach
Exes and Social Media
Lets talk about framing
Can't drink anymore.  How to adjust dates?
Girls and the word "Awkward"
How did you work through the Anger/Resentment/Bitterness?
Are Women More Honest When They Are Being Banged?
Asian guy and inter race game
Forum 2 Page 57

The Writer/Fashion Opening - Cold approach
Personal Best Sex Rate
Act angry for validation?
Now Is A Good Time to Get Chicks To Buy You Shit
Weirdest girls you've met online?
Success With Breaking Down The Fourth Wall?
How about a female confidante?
Voice Message on Whatsapp
Venue Change Effect Proven by Study
New Facebook Page: Date a "Con"
Old Game Techniques Rediscovered
What kind of job or gig would surround you with college girls?
You're In Her Movie
"check your privilege" -- Master suppression techniques
The accoutrements of beauty
How to pickup massage girls
Interesting article on hair color and attractiveness
LaidNYC: another great game blog you've never read
Guy kisses 100 girls in Sweden
Who has used the penpal website Interpals to game girls?
How to transition when a girl suddenly becomes single?
Outside of the game, do you have an active social life?
Fucking my cousin.
Kissing Magic Trick
Experimenting with smooth talking and compliments
Gaming Traveling Women In Your City
36 questions
To Fall in Love With Anyone, Do This
Levereging the power of pre selection?
Getting Taken Seriously...
Online Dating Site/App Round Up
'Slut radar' as a skill in LTR selection - from the approach and onward
Conversational Questions & Threads for Building Rapport
Texting "DTF?" to weak leads
Are You Out Of Her League?
Facebook phone number look up
The 2015 Bucket List of Bangs Thread!
Recycling the poon
Shit game triumphs no game
New dating guide written by men offers women brutally honest advice
Forum 2 Page 58

How to isolate a tourist girl from her friends?
Best Inner Game Tool I've Found.
Bad Signs At The Bar/Club
Analysis of Juan Antonio´s game in Vicky Christina Barcelona
The Indirect Openers Thread
HONEST girl's perspective on "nice guys"
Theory: Looks are a girls game
Your top 3 personal qualities that contribute to bangs
3 definitive physical traits every 10 must have -- my theory
Setting up a date with two girls at once.
Should American men model the game of Latino men?
Emoticons while texting?
Phone Sex
I'm Successful at Game Because...
Butterfaces
Any of you been SpeedDating lately?
eHarmony is free to use until the 7th
Apps for your cheating discretion - Atlantic article
Conluding a year of gaming: thoughts, lessons learned and planning the future
Should I lower my standards ?
Essential post and threads
The evolution of Smart Phone addition
taste the rainbow-different flavors of pussy
Culinary Game
Where do you find conservative women?
Don't Forget The Game That Got You The Girl
My Encounter with Nick Krauser - Prague, Autumn 2014
Daygame.com ex-instructor Tom Torero exposed in a fake video
The Bad Date, The Highball Girl and The Ever Good Feeling: A Short Story.
How to react when girl sends you sexy videos
Has a woman ever made you genuinely laugh out loud?
For Young Guys Only: Innocence Game
location comes before pickup skills in the hierarchy of game
Depressed/Mysterious Game
SELF-CONFIDENCE FORMULA
My Experience With  American Women Today
Was 2014 good to you? 24 bangs for me (and I'm done)
Balding, short, pudgy, 45 year old Indian guy calls you up...
Plenty of Fish New Policy: No More Dating Younger Women
Seriously, how did Paul Janka do it?
Forum 2 Page 59

Has a woman ever made you genuinely laugh out loud?
For Young Guys Only: Innocence Game
location comes before pickup skills in the hierarchy of game
Depressed/Mysterious Game
SELF-CONFIDENCE FORMULA
My Experience With  American Women Today
Was 2014 good to you? 24 bangs for me (and I'm done)
Balding, short, pudgy, 45 year old Indian guy calls you up...
Plenty of Fish New Policy: No More Dating Younger Women
Seriously, how did Paul Janka do it?
Sexual Fuck Ups
Why do you think Paul Janka was so successful?
Collecting from girls
Venue change or stick it out?
Why I prefer to date foreign women
What Would You Do If You Were Looking For A Wife?
Jewish Girls in America
Will he text? Flowchart for women
Did dating apps kill traditional online dating?
Good vs Bad Sex
How do I deactivate Tinder and start fresh?
Getting divorced from a Colombian- Need advice
Using vibrators and toys with a girl
Facebook suggesting Whatsapp contacts
LTRs and a Girl's History
Can't Decide on Dread Game
Daily game lessons thread
Friends with the Most Potential
Gaming without a car in the Suburbs ?
How good game looks like?
College chicks and Winter Break
The Best Sex You Ever Had?
Starting to get good at game....then found a girl
Gf/Marriage & cheating on the side
Am I banging a post op tranny?
Help me dump my old social circle
Do you catch girls who've rejected you in the past taking a peek too ?
Analysis of RVF Members Game
Christmas Shopper Daygame
Effect of girls intelligence on her attractiveness
Forum 2 Page 60

I'll Probably Get Banned For This...
OKCupid experiment: US vs. Asia
How to date the waitress
Mastering Getting Dumped
How do you demonstrate high value?
Are men hypergamous too ?
ONS game vs Relationship game
Bitchy girls on OkCupid
How selfish is it to bang other girls, but don't want your main girl to do the same?
Is hair an underrated Physical attribute when It comes to Attraction?
Have you ever let a girlfriend live with you in the past or present?
"Harassment" from Black Women
Knowing When You're Being Led On
What does an American "7" look like?
Where You Post Up In... (Daygame Google Street View)
Found a chick's amateur porn - Possible game angle?
Girl looks like the princess from Frozen
Venue change rolling solo
status idea: running local social events site
There are so many trannies doing online dating in my area
Girls Who 'Know How To Party'
Girlfriend intentionally posted horrendous pic of me on FB
Psychology Today discusses the friend zone
Tips for hanging with black girls in america if you're not black
“Not so hot women are better in bed than hot women”
A New Way of Identifying IOIs?
pithy one-liners
Gaming a girl while she's at work.
28-Year Old Woman Still Sleeps With Teddy Bear - Red Flag Or No?
Building comfort and teasing with a girl's name
Using pity/guilt to get laid
Two Months In The Life Of The G Manifesto:  Approach-Number-Conversion Rates
How To Handle Guys Hitting On Your GF
Bottle service?
Agree or Disagree
How Often Do You Roll Solo Out At Night?
Stupid lies girls have told you.
How would you game if you had F U Money? (no hooker, sugar baby)
Found a Slave girl, how does it work?
This Chick Gave Me A Fake Number...
Forum 2 Page 61

An Article: Why women like me fall in love with men who belittle them
Daygaming young mothers with Buggies and/or small children
Show your DESIRE
When a Woman Behaves Badly???
Online dating: Men often sound like pick-up artists
Is the 1-to-10 Scale Pointless?
Beautifulpeople.com : upgraded to premium acct, what?
Best City for Game You've Ever Been To?
The Real Problem with Women
Guys better at guessing when a girl is flirting than she is willing to admit:Study
Why Women Fall For Assholes
Stop Living for the Approval of Women
"Shots" Fired At Day Game
Ever had a girl so crazy you don't want to fuck her?
Girlfriend or Bangs
What gives DJs so much pulling power?
Girls with boyfriends (Morals and ethics question)
Way of greeting a girl when on going on the first date
Craigslist Model Call + Club = New Pussy Recipe
Small Town girl Game
A tip for filtering out SIFs on online game
Teeth, Hair, Stomach for older players
Red Pill NASA* Engineer Graphs What Women To Date
General Questions about Game
Sex is a waste of time
Making out in a bar/club before pulling - good or bad game?
Survey: In which uniform men make the best lovers?
Tips for getting a girl to "be exclusive"
Hello Ladies (HBO)
Best and worst lay of my life. Need help
Oneitis still or thirst in a desert?
Has living in "alpha" countries changed your game?
My main girl's mother might have lied about her age, should I tell my main girl?
Stupid Article: Dressing Sexy Can Have Negative Effect On Girls, Studies Claim
Bill Cosby
umbrella game [gaming in pouring rain]
Effect of condom on womans orgasm ability
Never Take an LTR Back Who Broke Up With You
I got played....
Better College Girl Game: No living on campus, joining frats, or even being a student
Forum 2 Page 62

Bouncing back from Divorce/Breakup's
On Being Interesting
gaming this girl out of town
The Mind/Mouth/Pussy Disconnect in Women
What's the statute of limitations on bad game?
Women telling you their sob stories and situations while crying, what to do?
Searching a niche for social circle & girls
False Rape Accusations
LinkedIn
He bought a $25,000.00 Ring (US dollars)
Article: In a French kiss, you swap more than spit
How To Play The "Let's Be Exclusive" Game
What's the cornerstone of your game?
Friend's girlfriend is a sociopath
Do you tap a chick on the Shoulder?
Butt Funnel
The manner in which game affects self-perception & your place in the social microcosm
A month in Medellin to recover my game
Game for servicemembers
How big of a detriment is my lack of cool friends?
Combining thread ideas - married/18-20 yr olds
Examples of frame control
How to Shutup a Feminist
Disadvantages for good looking guys
Priming
Most seductive men's fragrance
Longest time it took to bang a girl?
Who would you fuck?
Best method for gaming outside the club or bar
The rise of mini relationships
My Response to "Do You Have Instagram?"
"I can get pussy any time I want"
Losing a Former Girlfriend To The Wall
Anyone else not too crazy about morning sex?
Post Nut Syndrome / Attraction depreciation after the bang
Girls suggests meetup with friends - response?
Advice? I ran into a side chick with my current GF and the side chick made a scene
Coffee Table Books
Formula for sexting
In which country did you get the most lays from Tinder
Forum 2 Page 63

Securing Day 2's After SNL
RSD seminar
Study shows top sexual fantasises In men and women
Girls trying to use your very own tactics
The essence of red pill
What to do with girls who won't ONS / 2nd or 3rd date bang?
Irrational things that make a girl sexy (NWS)
Stop Taking L's
"Just Be Yourself": The Remix
Roommate Logistics
How old are you,and how old do you look?
How do you guys deal with broken hearts?
Single Dude Needing to Go Somewhere for Winter: Where Should I Go?
When the girl asks: Are you married?
Chick Trying To Control Location Of First Date
Is extroversion a bad sign with a girl these days?
Giving beta lip service
Performance Anxiety
Escalating too fast?
Halloween Fail
Maximum sex quantity
When your girl flirts with your friends in front of you
Picking Up Strippers, The Fun Way!
How to find out if your girl is a nosy busybody.
Parting Advice: What I learned from 5 years in the Game
Diagnose my (bad) Game
Thoughts on spooning
How Important Is a Girls Social Class And Money to You?
Halloween - 2014
Releasing a girl from your hold
Removed
Regional Differences and the Failings of a 114k Millionaire:
A woman alone with your phone for a few minutes...
Bieber's Pickup Line to Model: "You Look Like Princess Jasmine"
Extroverts, salesmen and game
Just want to say
Feeling Off at Parties/Social Gatherings
One of the best player blog's you've never read!
The "say please" shit test
Hitting a Woman
Forum 2 Page 64

The Importance of Screening to see if girls are DTF or not
Approaching and the energy dynamic
Why do some girls seem keen on dates but
Letting a girl know that you know she lied
Girl walks in NYC and gets catcalled 100 times
Roosh's Post on Best and Worst Vacation
Is someone a Player if he can't get different types?
Mindfulness: The shortcut to being happy and successful with women
'If it wasn't for Game I would...'
Text timing- opinion and thoughts
Airport pickup strategy
Today I had the proof that the most beautiful girls never get approached
Your views on this article - 75% of Women Prefer Flab To Abs
Older Women v. Younger Women
Make up with best friend or cut him out completely
Subconscious Game Denialism and Resistance to Reality
Customer service game?
Knowing when to swap to different girl
Lover vs Provider and relationships
Does your game change when dating a girl from a different country?
Framing Technique
dup
My Epic Fail
Rule of thumb for quality girls
Can we talk about Cost Per Notch again?
Asking for her number or telling her!
no response to texts
Special K "jeans" commercial made me laugh out loud
Apple Pay ...Good or bad for game?
Asian girl body language compare to westernised
Paying girl's taxi fare
The Art of Persuason
Items Girls Have Left Behind
Getting the college experience without enrolling in college
Drink without getting drunk
CONFUSED: losing to chodes
Make outs mean nothing.
Emotional deficiencies in the manosphere
Life after RVF
Do words really matter?
Forum 2 Page 65

Fuck buddy texting me "Meow"??
Using photos of Ex girls to get you laid
Would pedo be a bad nickname?
What IS this look!?
Older Guys - Is Anyone Glad They Kept Going With A Relationship?
Simple Pickup Fat Guy/Fat Girl Tinder date social experiment with interesting results
Good looking guys give the worst Game advice
Overt disrespect
What Came First Chicken Or The Egg - Women Complaining About Not Being Courted/respe?
Getting sex is easy
Slick comments from friends or family members and how to deal with them!
Older women
Who does this describe
Is it possible that Tinder perpetuates fatness?
Photo Game
OKC Founder Says Copy-Pasting Is Most Efficient Strategy
Getting into someone else thoughts
How You Say "Hi" To Women Matters
Girls who talk like guys
OKC/POF/Et Cetera Message Formula.
Divulging the truth out of women
The world will always fuck you over
Black women
She's Christian. Is She DTF? Science Says: If She's Pro-Sodomite Marriage, Yes
The I LIKE ASIAN GIRLS
WoW!! 5000 Approaches! The sad and Painful truth about the Pick up industry...
Have you dated a girl who you thought was marriage material? Is she married now?
The Science of Dating: why we should stop dating online
Ways to respond to "Craning"
Having high standards for female behavior
Crazy Women & Your Reactions
Did You Ever Get Cold Approached By a Girl During the Day?
Women who ask "can you cook"?  Feminist shit test?
You need to look physically better, Its Easy
Anyone familiar with Joel Olsteen's game?
Making out on dates
We are limited by our desires
RSD on Daygame vs. Nightgame:  "The sun is out; you do the same thing"
Worst age of girls to game is 25-35
Who's using Luxy? $200,000 Yearly Income Types
Forum 2 Page 66

Have you ever been seduced by a unattractive woman?
Hot chicks on Jerry Springer with losers
Fame Game (social media) in the 21st century
Borderline Personality Disorder
Building Social Circle/Status
True or false: You can create abundance mentality without abundance?
Mass Texts , Text , Texting etc.
Is there any special type of Game for (natural) Blonde Women?
Should you feel guilty if a girl wants a relationship...
How to spot a girl who is a Giver and not just a Taker
Saying "I Love You"
Hi I am new.  overcoming  smiling and laughing too much tips?
Getting Back Together with Your Ex
So...most Western girls are gay (or bi)
Cougars
Careful What Pics You Send To Chicks
Staying away from beta sources.
Why many criticise the complimenting game?
Need advice for dating married woman!
Near lay, future gaming after ED issues
Why woman search for old man
No reply on first contact = NO girl
Some Game Advice From Tony the Tiger
Bizarre places you have met women
Girls with septum piercings...
Wife hack video
Athletic Girls
When do you internalize game?
Latest ROK:  She's Always Looking for Sympathy
Good2Go app for campus hookups
In re: 10's - Is your 10 more sexy than beautiful
Pump and Dump
Busking and Getting Laid
Put a shredded shirtless pic of me on my OKC profile...
Ever had an STD scare?
AMOGing acquaintances
Dating non-blood relatives
Irishmans Ultimate Hyperlink Journey to becoming a RVFer
The Bring Your Own Beverage (BYOB) Date Bang Data Sheet
Progression of Game
Forum 2 Page 67

Day game Questions
Taking Game to a complete different level
20 year high school reunion
The problem with Game, is that you have to keep on Gaming
Describe a Natural you know
What do you say..when she says she's a feminist
Walk Before You Run...
Let's talk about vibe
Whether a girl kisses you or not is not important
How do I attract black hos?
Let go of your EGO! The first step
What A Girl Says When You're Better Than She Is
The Confidence Killers
New Zealand Girl
Miss Abernathy's Concise Slave Training Manual
Your Instincts, Rules, and Standards
Would you guys want to know what my Approach-Number-Conversion Rate is?
A second opinion on yesterday's article
Why Are Women so Incapable of Surprising You?
Gaming Conservative/Religious Girls
GLL's infield daygame footage is off the chain
Getting rid of unwanted modesty?
Gaming 30yo career women vs. 20s hotties
Fake or Real Tits Thread
On relationships
Extremely bad surprise when checking gf's mobile. What can I do?
Talking during sex
Getting Completely Out of Provider Mode - The Secret to Happiness
You and your Game is always only 50% of the results
Asking Strangers For Sex - Playing The Numbers
Bar-To-Bedroom: Full Date Audio Infield
Best date movies
LTRs: how to balance emotional distance and attraction
Homeless game
NO girls vs Maybe girls: one of the biggest mistakes...
The best girls are interested to date only the guys with status
A Girl Ever Admitted To You She Banged An Ugly Dude Because No One Would Find Out?
What if you went to a country where everyone had game?
Cognitive dissonance of ugly game gurus
College Game Guide Revised
Forum 2 Page 68

Deleted.
That moment when you know you have style
Friendzone as a way to creat Attraction
Dating Advice from Nick Cannon
This guy is legendary
Sniper Game
Geoffrey Miller on Sex, Power, and Domination
She's a NO girl if...
Being a redpiller doesn't mean you are proof against women's game?
Getting Assaulted
Your  mindset and belief system is 75% of game
Let's Make a "It Gets Better"
My Game Sucks
Girl wants to tattoo my name in her neck...
Does easiness of women follow the Gaussian curve?
Anyone can be cheated on.
Running trains/gangbangs
What kind of man are you?
The Bell Curve and female sexuality
Has anyone ever explained the nature of women to a woman?
How to fuck with girls (and their boyfriends) who play texting games with you
Frigid While Sober Sluts: How Do You Deal With Them?
Proof girls WANT you to learn Game
Is Traveling Abroad Bad For Your Game?
animal person game
Game Magnets - Passive Ways To Attract Women
on avg, do brunettes blondes or redheads have more lays?
Girls With a lot of Male Friends
Now I know how chicks feel with their betas
How DO you get a girl to emotionally invest in you
Gaming Other Guys
Do you jerk off before dates?
Are you in the friend zone?
Optimum Final Outcome
Logistics - which housing situation would you pick?
Fate Game
how long can attraction maintain with a girl you haven't slept with.
Passive Stream Ideas?
Break-Up Sex Is Bad For You
Ever have a girl say "you almost raped me?"
Forum 2 Page 69

Literotica and activating her Obsession Story - Is this Real?
Long LMR sessions
When less is more- the homeopathic touch
Decided to take a bootcamp and travel.
Goodreads game
Pussy hairyness preference poll
Date puzzle - what to do with a girl who can't walk?
Micro-IOIs
The importance of "making love"
DHV vs DLV hobbies/pastimes
Glimpse Dating App
She wrecks me
Hostage Game
What age group of women do you prefer and how old are you?
The Power of Alcohol
The Profile Feedback Thread
Anyone ever try outsourcing their online dating?
Threesome logistics
Single Mothers (True MILFs)
Good girls turning bad
A seasoned observation
Low Count Women vs Moderate Count Women as LTR Choices
How do you end things with a girl when leaving the country?
The Bold Guy YT series
why do sausagefests exist?
Ross Jeffries - As good as it seems.
I bear you my testimony - a 37 year old virgin
How to automate you online POF/OKC/SA/Etc messages!
How to bang church girls?
When you go for the kiss and she declines
WARNING: scary scam on dating sites!
ex girl friends
Chick implies I gave her STD after one bang
Red Flag: She has more guy friends than girl friends.… (article)
night game even worth it?
Roosh's Speaking Style - Good for pickup?
Improve your game by NOT doing these things...
Girls Always Say they have a boyfriend
The future of the slut race?
Where are you gaming tonite?
Forum 2 Page 70

Complementing women on their short hair
Mitchell & Webb on game
Asian girl breakdown
Another Way to Shit-Test the Baby Claims
Wow you are really skinny
Early Stages of Dating: 100% Cooperation or 0% Interest
Reading Old Pick Up Stuff
Divestment
Instagram Approach
Ever Get Blows or Bangs in Nightclubs?
Don't use lube
How do you guys handle this?
Skinny Guys and Game
Ways to Prove Value as a Minority Guy
Chicks Spilling Their Dating History
Calling out long time "girl" friends for stupidity
Getting a girl to be exclusive with you
Girl without bra in club [retitled]
Make Her Earn You
Abundance mentality slip up, can I still get the lay?
Affirmation looping
Altoids While Getting Blowjobs
Doing good sex
Critique my game please (i am a returning member)
How many sexual partners would a woman have in her early 20s, mid-20s and early 30s?
The 8th Law
One pic to rule all you stupid race trolls
Should race really be that insignificant?
Calling out a girl for burying her face in her iPhone
Advice you received (or didn't) when you were young
How to calibrate when the game itself is about pushing through?
Being used for attention
A Discussion on the Word "Creepy"
Making lesbians wing for you : it can be done
BBC features cringeworthy daygame documentary
Guys, what is your best guesstimate as to how many dudes, TOTAL
Daygame + Nightgame in one
3 Strategies for Inner Game As It Relates To Daygame
Can someone explain to me how to use snapchat
Woman journalist takes Young Fat Girls to Task!
Forum 2 Page 71

Advice for a DC College Guy?
Marriage is for Pussies
Always call her by her name
Higher level girls require higher level game
Jewish Tinder -- JSwipe
LSD girls (Low Sex Drive)
Should Instant date be the principle of your game?
Mentors needed
Multiple Dudes Hitting on a 5 - at the Same Time
Meeting Krauser
Solo spots in San Fran?
Date My School
What Percentage of your bangs are from Online
Count your blessings that you are so damn handsome
Signs That Your Game is Strong or Improving
Loud Nightclub Game
Going out with coworkers. How to proceed?
20-year-old woman feels inferior to her 46-year-old b/f
Play Your Game
How often are you guys communicating with your girlfriends?
VK on what an International Player looks like
Universal Hot/Crazy Matrix On Women
Do you have a  low sex drive?
Tank top VS V-neck
Pre-semester preparation thread
Status is established in every line and gesture, and changes continuously
What do men have going for us living in this day and age?
Game is self-discipline
Types of social relationships and how they relate to banging women
When Guys Mate Guard Around You...Something is Working
The importance of setting personal standards as a man
Study: Women like strong and silent types
Your Best Game Techniques
Apocalypse Opener
Guy hates on 'PUAs' on Vice.com
What types of girls do you game; what works best on them?
Game fatigue
Dealing with an ex that can't move on
a mans guide to women- OFFICIAL GUIDE_ MUST WATCH
Being classy while applying game?
Forum 2 Page 72

"Why haven't I ever met you" (And A Success Story)
the power of money
Player tells, and study showing link between casual sex and lower mental health
Hookah/Shisha Game
Slave School
Nightlife, Social Circle Game, Misc. Observations, etc.
My Attraction To Older Professional Women
Texting vs Talking
waiting to text back vs. striking when the iron is hot
Lover vs Provider Game
History of the seduction community
Girl Asks If I Know Love Systems
Tip for severe shyness: improv
Anyone ever banged a Native American/Alaskan Bitch ?
Flake Stories Thread
BIG game vs little game
Shooting Range Date
A Fun Way to Game Girls at the Airport
Asking girls about their fake tits
How did you become "more interesting"?
Solid Game and the Rule of 3s
What are you picky about?
Why a player should have a girlfriend
Relationships with girls who make more and/or are much richer than you
Don't be a hero
Daygame With a Camera: Shootin' Fish in a Barrel
Game Recognised : Cheryl Cole marries a player - and she has no pre-nup
Being a high value man and relationships
Opening message the worked for me today
Anyone Spit Game While Jogging?
Stop being a player and be the Coach instead
The worst date of my life [Lay Report]
Top Alphas: Do Women Let You Go From Cold Day Approach To Bang?
Travel Scam Expert Sets up Chris Hansen-esque Sting to Bait PUA and Shame Him On TV
Roosh is Right (Day Bang)
Before and After:How you see women and yourself before a lot of notches and after?
LTR: Girlfriend makes everything about her
How would you handle being "tricked" by a tranny?
My old online dating opener
Elderly bang
Forum 2 Page 73

Tinder...changing location using VPN
The D.E.N.N.I.S. System
Taking the word of your girl vs the word of your guy friends
Daddy Day Texts
Women rejecting alpha males
Grooming all her girlfriends for post break up sex
3 Immutable Laws Article
Will you be that guy, only white knights need apply
Video + Pics of the British Girl Mouthing 24 Cocks For a Free Drink While on Vacation
Sexually Themed Ramble
Gaming a girl you've hired for a small gig
Playing Live Music: A Breakdown On The Social Benefits
The "Leave Behind"
Gaming Girls Who Are Customers
Princess Jasmine Syndrome
Why girls are flaking so much today
Why my game won't help you
Building an ideally hard harem
Girls reject you because of Player Vibes?
Strategy for boning feminists as in Roosh's "My Firsthand Experience With Thirst"
Men Act on Reality. Women Act on Men who Act on Reality
Rock That Cock - Dick Pics 2.0
I'm not a cockblocker, but what if a married dude is hitting on your mom?
Responses To "K."
How to know if she's worth marrying?
Women adding and taking away your value
Bang New Edition - How much info about going out solo?
when you are dating more than one woman, do you ever get them mixed up?
morality issues in game?
Gaming Girls while they are working
Fascinating Video on Body Language & IOI's
Girl says she only likes black men
Bang my sister-in-law
Looking for a specific RoK article
Game vs Discipline
Rape fantasy
Woman explains how to attract younger women
A woman's greatest weakness: the fantasy of Excalibur
Seal Game: the Next Level
Would you date a girl with bad acne scars?
Forum 2 Page 74

To Raw-Dog or Not to Raw-Dog
dontdateaplayer.com
RSD Tyler destroys Male Cock Blocker in public
Finally a career woman who gets it
Why is this forum so obsessed with alpha vs beta?
Gaming women who want to pick you up
Been bowing out of game
Critque my game
is facebook the new OKCUPID ?
setting the date
Should I feel guilty about hitting on a taken girl
3nder - Threesomes made easy - New App
Advice me on this type of girls
Transitioning out of Social Circle Game
Escorts & Their Uses
Tips to become cool
How prevalent do you think sugar babies/ cam girls etc are?
The one thing I hate about life
Intention: the third key of game
Before and after fat loss: look how these girls go up in points
Hinge: A More Insular, Credentialed Tinder (Mobile Dating App)
Redpill me on STDs
College Game
Cheap Dates for Regulars
How often do you see a "hot"/"cute" or at least "WB" girl?
Physical and Metaphysical ways to overcome a scarcity mentality
women playing the harassment card
When in doubt, whip it out
Help - Bad experience
Stop Giving Direct Answers
Banging coworkers' friends?
My Recap of Game And My Journey Over 2 Years
Beige Phillip principles
Pimp your Pad
What has changed in the last ten years ?
approach off of ioi/proximity or vibe/energy/tension?
Is taking pics with girls a beta move?
The Secret To Getting Craigslist Responses...Appeal to wierd shit
The Online Fuck Market Is An Oligopoly - Does It Matter?
Logistics vs. Money/Time
Forum 2 Page 75

Woman's 100 dates project
Favourite Responses to What are you Doing
Models
This is why you need game
Is quality or quantity better for notches?
Justice system works the UK?
Texts from ex-bf's (no matter how beta) having effect on woman you're seeing
Ex-Girlfriend Keeps Re-Engaging
Nature or Nature
Stand like Wonder Woman to raise Testosterone?
What they called "Fool's Mate" back in the day
What's the most beta thing you've done with a lizard?
Reflections after 1 year in the field
Toastmasters to Improve Game
What are some pua maxims that every pua agrees with?
Easier to game during cold months - UK only?
PUA on Dr. Phil
Coffew Meets Bagel confirmsall men like younger women, writer surprised...
Buying women gifts, jewelry etc
Shame or glory?
Comedy: If you can't man up and break up with a chick
Your Funniest Rejection Stories.
Playfully empowered?
online dating sites apps you use besides OKC, POF, and Tinder ?
Ridiculous Problems Registering a POF Account
Is it YOUR fault if a girl doesnt sleep with you on the first date?
Dating profile tweak
Moving alone to a big city
Foot Rubs Are a Good Way to Escalate
5 Things Men Should Never Look For In Women: Add Yours
How do you flirt with employees as Boss' Son?
Hot or Not App
Is voice overlooked?
You "Want" Social Media - You Need a Pyramid
Can you tell if two people have slept together?
Niche Dating Sites
Controlling Women Through Anal Sex
Krauser on attention whoring
What's your favorite Game gimmick from the past?
RSD Max's inflied (good clip on persistence in opening)
Forum 3 Page 1

MUST READ BEFORE POSTING! - Travel Forum Guidelines and City/Country List
Best Cities/Countries for Black American Guys???
US city with the best ratio of low cost to hot women count
The Philippines thread
Where in the world can I get a decent piece of real estate for 15,000 USD?
World Map of Best Ass by Country
Bangs from couchsurfing.
Best country for 30 something women?
Eastern European women vs Asian women
Why Polish Women are better than Romanian
Budapest Relocation Journal
Dubai DataSheet
Where can I find Black girls like this?
Boracay
US and England are the worst places to look for gals
What's the matter with Toronto? Seriously...
Ruble falls to 5 year low against USD today
Oslo data sheet
Nightclubbing tips - Poland
Monterrey vs Guadalajara
Swedish Nightclubs vs British Nightclubs
Orlando, FL. Downtown Trip Report
1+ years in Singapore - Datasheet
Gothenburg, Sweden Data Sheet
What are Good Notch Numbers in each Country.
Indonesian vs. Filipino girls.
Lifestyle/Cost of living in Poland
Taipei, Taiwan
Need DIA Account ASAP!!!
Bang Japan: Game in The Great Nippon Empire
Tripr App
Ukraine for 2 or 3 months- Questions
I think Ukraine is not for me
Should I buy an unlimited stand-by yearly flight pass?
International health insurance for travelers
Top ten most most powerful pasports in the world
X city in US to a Y international city fare sale thread
Bangkok Datasheet 2014.
Dominican Republic
Where should a French Caribbean go ?
Forum 3 Page 2

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
South Korea
Bang Japan: Game in The Great Nippon Empire
The Bangkok Thread
Looking for LTR Abroad
Girona, Catalonia, Spain
Which country has the least superficial, easygoing girls? (see inside)
Make Love To Bogota
Tallinn May 2018 Datasheet
Jakarta Datasheet (by Irish)
Pics of Polish Ass etc in Wrocław - March 2014
August, 3 weeks, which location(s)?
China outside of Beijing or Shanghai?
Oslo, Norway Data Sheet
Contrary to claims of feminism, Danish women like catcalls and hate feminism
The Poland thread
Best Places in Eastern Europe for Digital Nomad to Live
Mixx's Medellin Thread: Past, Present & Future....
Amsterdam datasheet - from the perspective of the Thing
Chicago
Countries where women have Germanic/Nordic looks and are good wife material?
Goiania, Brazil Datasheet
Is Eastern Europe Painfully Overhyped?
Are Australian girls ugly?
Best countries/cities to expatriate to
Sydney Data Sheet
Want to know anything about Sydney, Australia?
Things I learned about Valencia, Spain after 6 months (2019)
Russian language: no more bullshit
Meetup: European Music Festival Master Thread
Why is Budapest so poor but looks so rich?
Best countries to visit as a white guy?
Big Strong Powerful Beautiful RFV guy
One of the best indian travel destination
Top Paradises as of 2019
Best U.S. Places To Live For Whites
Minsk, Belarus Data Sheet:
What U.S. City is 2nd to New York?
30 hr Pristina, Kosovo report - May 2019
Polish girls vs Czech girls
Melbourne CBD Datasheet 2017
Forum 3 Page 3

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Melbourne CBD Datasheet 2017
August, 3 weeks, which location(s)?
China outside of Beijing or Shanghai?
Oslo, Norway Data Sheet
Contrary to claims of feminism, Danish women like catcalls and hate feminism
Best Places in Eastern Europe for Digital Nomad to Live
Mixx's Medellin Thread: Past, Present & Future....
Amsterdam datasheet - from the perspective of the Thing
Chicago
Countries where women have Germanic/Nordic looks and are good wife material?
Goiania, Brazil Datasheet
Is Eastern Europe Painfully Overhyped?
Are Australian girls ugly?
Best countries/cities to expatriate to
Sydney Data Sheet
Want to know anything about Sydney, Australia?
Things I learned about Valencia, Spain after 6 months (2019)
Russian language: no more bullshit
Meetup: European Music Festival Master Thread
Why is Budapest so poor but looks so rich?
Best countries to visit as a white guy?
Big Strong Powerful Beautiful RFV guy
One of the best indian travel destination
Top Paradises as of 2019
Best U.S. Places To Live For Whites
What U.S. City is 2nd to New York?
30 hr Pristina, Kosovo report - May 2019
Polish girls vs Czech girls
Ottawa vs Montreal vs Toronto datasheet 2019
Romania
Madrid 2016 Data Sheet
Traveling the states
Lima, Peru - City of Kings - Datasheet Late 2015
Extreme overstay in Ukraine (why not?)
Why does Germany get overlooked?
Tirana, Albania
Are French girls really easy?
Daygame Saturated Cities in Eastern Europe--Foreign PUAs Ruining Entire Countries?
Sofia, Bulgaria
Any info on Thessaloniki?
Forum 3 Page 4

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Detroit and Royal Oak Data Sheet
Havana 2019 data sheet
Spain,definitely, the Western Pussy Paradise
Thailand VS the Philippines
The truth about the Philippines
Freakiest things you have seen on your travels
Ringo's São Paulo Datasheet
DigitalNomad Cruisin' the world
Mardi Gras 2018 (New Orleans)
Lazy Economic Refugee or Expat?
Kuta cowboys
Is anyone going to Carnival in Rio?
Cities with conservative women
Belo Horizonte, Brazil 2018 - Data Sheet
Teaching English Abroad
When did Instagram Ruin a Real Life Travel Moment?
Travel Bum Show
Warsaw Datasheet 2017
Moscow - Datasheet may 2018 - Bang
Brisbane sucks
Bang Da Nang (Vietnam)
Odessa, Ukraine 2016 Datasheet
The Baltics, which country and why?
Budapest July 2018 update 2 weeks
How many flags have you got?
How is Santa Fe as a place to game and live?
Zero income tax places - best choice for game / quality of life
Bangs from couchsurfing.
Bolt - kiev
Best place to meet western backpacker girls in SEA, on July/August?
Anyone Been to Spain?
Most Overrated/Underrated Place You've Been
Budapest Datasheet
Haleiwa
Need DIA Account ASAP!!!
Bali, Indonesia - Trip report/Mini-data sheet
Puerto Vallarta, Mexico Datasheet
Tell me about Your first trip SOLO
Bologna vs. Naples late May through early July
Philippines 2019 - Manila/Bataan/Boracay/Cebu - The Good, The Bad and The Ugly
Forum 3 Page 5

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Amsterdam
Best cities/countries for Indian and South Asian men?
A refined travel guide for Sydney.
Travel Alone or Find a Wing?
Anyone know Brno (Czech Republic)??
Overseas traveller women to usa
Borneo Report
Shenzhen Data Sheet
Datasheet: Halifax, Canada
Miami Florida - an updated data sheet
The lowdown on Ho Chi Minh/Vietnam - datasheet
Dash's Busan, South Korea Data Sheet
What part of Brazil to find girls like this? (pics inside)
Datasheet Vienna, Austria
Worst homeless Portland Salt lake City or Denver?
Hong Kong
Best places in Riviera Maya to go with a chick
Newcastle-Upon-Tyne UK  Data Sheet
Best places in US for entrepreneurs
Getting free rent as a live-in boyfriend
Denver, Portland, or Seattle
Bali Report
Exploring the Middle East
Lisbon recommendations
Accra, Ghana (Data sheet) - Bootylicious West Africa
Venezuela could open up shortly?
My 2 weeks in Budapest
The Netherlands, Datasheet
Is Salt Lake City worth it?
Cape Town 2018
Johannesburg, South Africa [Datasheet]
Considering extended stay in Thailand for lifting
Lisbon, Portugal
Bucharest, Tbilisi, Kiev Late May/early June
Easily blonde girls..
Average looking German doesn't know where to go
Caye Caulker/ San Pedro, Belize- Spring 2019 Datasheet
Best time to visit X
Which girls are the easiest - Scandinavian or EE girls?
Varna, Bulgaria - Datasheet
Forum 3 Page 6

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Varna, Bulgaria
Bulgaria Data Sheets
The Philippines: Not What It's Cracked Up to Be
Moving to Belgrade or Kiev?
San Juan del Sur Datasheet Spring 2018
Dallas Datasheet 2019
Medellin Penthouse - Looking for Roomate
Barcelona: Data Sheet
Moving to Salt lake City?
Western beggars in 3rd world countries
The Rustler Does Mexico City (DF) 2019
Portland
Paris Datasheet 2018
DMario's Papua New Guinea Log
The Useful Travel Sites and Inspiration Thread
Travelling through Europe by Bus
Nice, sunny places to live from November to March
Short Tokyo Video
What's a good neighborhood to live in Tokyo?
The Ultimate Taipei, Taiwan Datasheet
RVF Spanish Language school review thread
Quick Budapest update / observations
Opening Korean Girls: Some adjustments to help your success
Planning Eastern European trip - possible wife hunting - 1 month - where to go?
The Asian Guy Travel Thread
Cyprus
Slovakia - Bratislava - My Trip Report
Merida, Mexico Datasheet 2018 by Waqqle
Don't Bang Hawaii - Datasheet
Expertise on German Girls
Tashkent - Uzbekistan
Massive Melbourne, Australia Datasheet
Saint Petersburg 2017 Datasheet
Hamburg datasheet
St. Lucia, Caribbean info
Phuket Datasheet
MANAUS BRAZIL DATASHEET 2019
Boston, USA Nightlife Datasheet - 2018
SWOOP JAPAN: Tokyo Joe’s Guide for the First-Time (~7-day) Visitor
Medellin vs Bogota
Forum 3 Page 7

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Porto Alegre (POA) journey
SEYCHELLES
Honolulu, Hawaii Datasheet
The Peru Thread
Kona,what do you of S Pacific women?
Brazil place to go?
IP Bangs/Makes love to Colombia
Cheap Airfare and Deals Thread
Datasheet: Calgary, Canada
Nairobi 2018 data sheet
Panama City (Panama) data sheet Jan 2019 - Day + Night game
Mexico City Data Sheet
Amman, Jordan - Data Sheet and Commentary (Long Post)
The Real Deal on Ethiopia  - Addis Ababa Datasheet & Red Pill bits on Africa
LA/San Francisco
Ethiopia (intro thread)
Russian Visa
Guadalajara, Mexico - don't come here for the girls
Tunisia Thread
Anjuna Beach, Goa DATASHEET - 6 girls in 8 days in India
Government contractors and jobs japan
Whatsup with Puerto Rico?
Budva Summer 2016
Tampa data sheet
Austin Texas Data Sheet
My Path to Southeast Asia
Manaus Datasheet 2012
Honduras
Manaus, Brazil
Asian dudes better off dating in Europe?
How many countries have you visited?
Antigua, Guatemala Datasheet
The Siege of San Salvador
Datasheet: Stockholm, Sweden (Detailed nightlife)
Looking for Badoo experts
Jakarta April 2017 Datasheet
Guatemala
Most Coveted Flag
Florida. Possibly the most fucked up place
WOW Air shuts down abruptly, stranding passengers
Forum 3 Page 8

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
WOW Air shuts down abruptly, stranding passengers
My Morocco Experience
Marbella datasheet
Catalyst in Budapest
Austin night life data sheet 2017
European country with the most sluts?
Batumi - Don't bother with Rep. of Georgia (6 months report)
Best City for game and lifestyle outside of Rio in Brazil?
Why doesn't Ho Chi Minh City have the same rep as Bangkok and Manila?
Solo trip for 9 days-where to?
The tribulations of 4 days spent in Kiev
Lost my mind in Medellin
Repat Chronicles...(Gringo story of repatriating back to USA from South America)
Should I Stay Or Should I Go?
Moscow/Sankt Peterburg Datasheet
Russia Travel May 14th to Mid-June
London
2017 Shanghai China Datasheet
Rome datasheet 2017
Florida Info??- Key West and Ft. lauderdale
The Vodka Reports: A Retrospective, and an ode to Alcohol, from a World Traveller
Lima, Peru Datasheet
Brain drain devastating Ukraine
2017 Beijing China Datasheet
The Nepal Thread (Kathmandu, Pokhara, etc)
Faroe Islands Trip Report
Countries where a westerner can realistically live
Intracoastal Waterway:  White Knights Help Me Get Pussy on a Boat
Tajikistan, Dushanbe December 2018 Datasheet
The Complete 2019 Lviv Datasheet
Coming across busted white girls on Tinder in Asia
Berlin, Germany
Bribing & Greasing Hands in the third world
Datasheet: Ko Phi Phi 
Ultimate Santo Domingo, DR Datasheet by Masculine Profiles
Mini data sheet Phi Phi islands
Malta: A Comprehensive Thread
Kaunas, Lithuania
asdfksheet Philippines: Tinder, fastest way to one girl a day
Exit interviews for US Citizens
Forum 3 Page 9

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Berlin, Germany
Bribing & Greasing Hands in the third world
Datasheet: Ko Phi Phi 
Ultimate Santo Domingo, DR Datasheet by Masculine Profiles
Mini data sheet Phi Phi islands
Malta: A Comprehensive Thread
Kaunas, Lithuania
asdfksheet Philippines: Tinder, fastest way to one girl a day
Exit interviews for US Citizens
What Are Your Favorite Country Flags?
So how about Paraguay?
Ring around the North Atlanic
South America - which country for a first timer?
Philadelphia Data Sheet 2013
Article: "EU lawmakers vote to scrap visa-free travel for Americans to Europe"
Iceland
Possible Visas to EU for US Citizens
Did you ever hit a Pussy Paradise and when?
I "learned" Polish in a year - this is my guide
Best beginner central/FSU European country?
Tatars
The Frequent Traveller Thread - Perks, points, and deals for beginners and experts
Share your good alcohol bender stories-- bonus if it's travel -related
Japan declining for westerners
Suggestions on Mostar, Bosnia
Americas' Spanish Language Datasheet
Why do I ALWAYS get sick in SE Asia?
Malta - Mediterranean Jewel
Advise on Gaming San Antonio, TX this week
spring break 2019
Recommendations for Munich, Germany to game night/day?
Pat Condell Sweden Cultural Collapse Review
Brazil Ends Visa Requirements for Visitors From U.S.
How much are you spending per month where you're living?
DATA SHEET: Mediterranean Island Mallorca, Spain
Warsaw, Budapest or Prague for University (full time)
Steroids in Eastern Europe
Learning Spanish Living Abroad Experiences? Latin America Only
Santiago (& Sosua) Dominican Republic Trip Report
Ideas on destinations
Forum 3 Page 10

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Black in Mexico City+Taste of Guadalajara
Vilnius or Kaunas for 6 months?
Kosice, Slovakia ! (The original "Center of Culture"...)
Cuba Data Sheet - 3 Months Solid
Operation: Oslo
Ft Lauderdale/Boca
Why are NZ women so unattractive?
Off The Beaten Path In Colombia: La Costa Pacifico
San Francisco
British guys in America
A visual Map of rooshV datasheets (work in progress)
Datasheet: Uncharted Russia - Krasnodar (now a city of a million)
Dominican Republic Datasheet 2019
Old Town Scottsdale Data Sheet
Shanghai China Daygame: 2018 Datasheet
Are french women overrated?
Vinny's Riga - Latvia Datasheet
New York City: Losing My Religion
First time visit to eastern Europe, where to visit?
Datasheet Bratislava + Trnava, Slovakia
What's Your Home Base?
LA is harder to get laid than NYC?
Ibiza datasheet 2019
The Saint Petersburg Scammers
Mr.Roundtree in Australia
What airlines do you love or hate?
Helsinki, Finland Datasheet
Ukraine vs Philippines - Ukraine still worth visiting?
Macedonia Datasheet (Skopje & Stip) October '17
The Busted Dudes Test for countries you've been to
Cap-Haitien, Haiti
Countries Where Clean Cut White Men Are Treated Like Celebrities?
Weed in Brazil
Tampa Bay Gold Standard Daygame Spot
Sarasota, FL - Data Sheet
What do airlines consider "oversize" luggage?
Ulaan Baatar, Mongolia
Belgrade vs. Sofia
Canary Islands Fuerteventura
Big vs Meduim size citcies success rate
Forum 3 Page 11

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Why do I ALWAYS get sick in SE Asia?
Malta - Mediterranean Jewel
Advise on Gaming San Antonio, TX this week
spring break 2019
Recommendations for Munich, Germany to game night/day?
Pat Condell Sweden Cultural Collapse Review
Brazil Ends Visa Requirements for Visitors From U.S.
How much are you spending per month where you're living?
DATA SHEET: Mediterranean Island Mallorca, Spain
Warsaw, Budapest or Prague for University (full time)
Steroids in Eastern Europe
Learning Spanish Living Abroad Experiences? Latin America Only
Santiago (& Sosua) Dominican Republic Trip Report
Ideas on destinations
Albufeira
Any Asian guys killing it in Ukraine, Belarus, Russia?
Suggestions to improve the travel forum
Gdansk & Sopot (Poland) Mini Data Sheet
Meeting: Washington, D.C. April 6, 2019
Atlanta or Miami?
Full Moon Party Guide (Samui Thailand)
Cities in US with good weekday nightlife
Why do girls like feminine k-pop guys?
Best US Cities for Asian and Brown Men to Date Interracially?
Is it just me, or are European girls more friendly to Asian guys?!
Planning a Western Europe Trip (History/Sightseeing focused)
An Asian guy going to Sweden, any advice or comment?
Debauchery in Lima, Peru. Trip report 2017
Asian-American guy's country ratings
Asian guy stayed in Krakow Oct 2016 to Feb 2017
Uh-Oh Visa required to visit Europe in 2021?!
Dallas Absolutely Sucks
Black in Mexico City+Taste of Guadalajara
Vilnius or Kaunas for 6 months?
Kosice, Slovakia ! (The original "Center of Culture"...)
Cuba Data Sheet - 3 Months Solid
Operation: Oslo
Ft Lauderdale/Boca
Why are NZ women so unattractive?
Off The Beaten Path In Colombia: La Costa Pacifico
Forum 3 Page 12

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Poznan, Poland Datasheet (2017)
Moving To Japan
Increased foriegn competition for Ukrainian women?
3 -way japan
Milan 2018 Mini Datasheet
Tokyo or Seoul for 1 Year
Munich Girls: The Datasheet
Giving up Active Duty military to teach English in South America, should I do it?
San Francisco Wings
US cities for grinding in clubs?
New Orleans mini-datasheet 2018
Anyone used bitcoin instead of foreign exchange for travel?
Spanish Learning Resources
Boots on the ground in Kishnev Moldova
Warsaw Datasheet 2017
Southern US, go or no?
Prague DataSheet
Which country has the most sociable culture?
Shenzen for n00bs
Cheapest options for education/game in Europe?
Kampala: where can I stay for 10 days?
Tallinn, Estonia Datasheet - 2017
Zanesville versus Monte Carlo
Cruise Bangs
Ayia Napa
LA is harder to get laid than NYC?
November - Vilnius / Stockholm / Budapest / Warsaw / Krakow / Belgrade
Belo Horizonte, Brazil
Italian city with the hottest women?
Sweden question
St. Petersburg Data Sheet
Chicago on weeknights?
Getting an American Green Card through marriage
Backpacking Western Europe for Beginners Datasheet
Klaipeda / Palanga
Moscow - Datasheet may 2018 - Bang
Permanent US Expatriation
Countries with exotic bonus for mediterranean type
Tinder gaming girls with poor english
How to approach Polish girls
Forum 3 Page 13

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Moscow/Sankt Peterburg Datasheet
19 years old- looking for some input on travel plans
Language situation in Montreal for pick up
New Orleans 2018 Datasheet
Getting Permanent Residence in Japan after one year!
Bang travel guide for Chinese dudes (and others of asian origin)
Slavic women have the best qualities?
Yerevan, Armenia - Datasheet May 2018 - Don’t bang
Santo Domingo: short notice post graduation trip
Jamaica December 2017 Datasheet
Study French in Africa
The Saint Petersburg Scammers
Spain or Argentina
No recent data sheets on Paris? What are some of the best bars in the city?
SoFL
Istanbul Datasheet
Would You Rather: Ukraine or Belarus?
Zagreb Poosay Paradise 2016 . Datasheet+TripReport by Napoleon (16laysin50days)
Permanently living on a cruise ship
Puebla, Mexico data sheet
Malta: A Comprehensive Thread
Vinny's Russian language assistance thread
Estimate of hours learning required to do pick up in Russian?
Bucharest, Romania Datasheet
I.T park Ayala Cebu city trip report (by Schlep)
For cold climate folks that suddenly get summer weather (ie. Midwestern USA)
Best countries for King Sized Barbies?
Nicaragua 2017 Trip Report
English teacher pros and cons
Headed to Montreal next weekend
Les étudiants de la langue française
Newfoundland??
Melbourne CBD Datasheet 2017
Free Tours - Datasheet
Buffalo, NY Datasheet
$12k budget for 1 month. What would your itinerary be?
Pereira, Risaralda,Colombia
Age of Consent laws for US Citizens travelling abroad...
[Data Sheet] Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China
Gender ratios in cities and common misconceptions, featuring NYC, LA
Forum 3 Page 14

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Gender ratios in cities and common misconceptions, featuring NYC, LA
Racism in Poland
Have to move to USA for medical treatment choosing between New York, LA, Miami or?
Short Sayings in Foreign Languages
Learning Spanish...
Need help for weekend in NYC: Asian Girls
Slow Travel: The Next New Hotness?
Bochum, Germany
Argentina phrasebook and Mexico/Spanish game flash cards
Colombia vs Brazil Thread
Visa-wise, best/easiest Euro/Asian country for NZ citizen to live long term?
Ronaldinho admits that he signed with a club in Mexico to bag Mexican girls!
Help Suits Decide Where To Live Winter 2018-9
Naples, Italy - La Dolce Vita Datasheet - 4 girls in a week
Africa 2018 - Cape Town and Nairobi booked!
Venezuela could open up shortly?
[Data Sheet] Surabaya, Indonesia
Guadalajara, Mexico - don't come here for the girls
These are the best and worst countries in the world for making friends
Dispatch from Mexico (Part 1): Monterrey Data Sheet
Mexico or Colombia?
Nashville Data Sheet 2017
Croatia Yacht Trip Advice
Atlanta Datasheet
What city has the hottest brown girls? Like Indian/Pakistani
Austin night life data sheet 2017
Best places to game in the South - FL, SC, GA, AL, MS, TN, LA, TX
An insider's guide to Buenos Aires
Feminazis in Spain - is it really that bad?
70% of Argentinian women think they are ugly
Observation of American Blacks in Argentina
Polish Holidays
Travelling through Europe by Bus
Brisbane, Australia - Datasheet 2015
Moving to Medellin, Columbia.. Advice needed.
Besides LA, where to visit on the West Coast?
Estonia offering e-citizenship and 0% tax rate
Lexington, KY Datasheet
Pick up Failure in Bangkok
General questions about investing in South East Asia
Forum 3 Page 15

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
General questions about investing in South East Asia
Investing in Teak in Panama
Entitled Farang Landwhale calls her "digital nomad" website "With Husband in Tow" !!!
Shipping a car to Eastern Europe from East Coast USA
Which American Cities have the hottest Latin women?
Jersey: THE State Datasheet
Sofia, Bulgaria
Australia or America
Need help picking out a lads holiday!
Comparing girls from Thailand, Philippines, Indonesia and Vietnam
Macedonia Datasheet (Skopje & Stip) October '17
Listing of internet dating sites to meet foreign women
Jinka (Ethiopia)
Florianopolis, Brazil
Charleston June-August
Hello...Russia
Mini-Datasheet - Kaohsiung, Taiwan
Paris, France - logistics, daygame spots, wings?
Best areas to stay in Prague for daygame
Dirty south Road trip, best spots to party/game?
Thailand: A good country for older men.
If I go to Romania by myself can I have a good time?
Charlotte Datasheet
New York vs Toronto
Place away from the city
Again, don't go to India.
Traveling within Central/South America
Places where second and third tier cities have better quality then first tier
Udon Thani Isaan Thailand
Just arrived in Koh Samui and very dissapointed
Thai Islands Datasheet- Koh Samui, Koh Tao, Koh Phi Phi
Tehran, Iran
Venezuela Datasheet
Kaunas, Lithuania
Lloret de Mar, Spain
Vietnam - Nha Trang - Mini Report
Niagara Falls, Ontario
August, 3 weeks, which location(s)?
Best countries to visit as a white guy?
Datasheet: Buenos Aires, Argentina 2015
Forum 3 Page 16

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Berlin Datasheet – Aug 2016
Punta Cana Dominican Republic
Dominican Republic
Travelling to Bali in May. Need advice on where to daygame.
San Jose, Costa Rica (Hotel or Rent a place?)
Mass Orgy in Thailand - Many British men caught.
Short term stays: How to find accommodation with female solo travellers?
The Easiest Country to Have a 3some
Moldova Spring 2018 Datasheet 14 days into a 90 day frolic
Slovakia - Bratislava - My Trip Report
I don't recommend Bulgaria...
Best location for Redheads
Living in Manila...
Huge booty, wide hips, thick thighs - in Salvador (BR), Cali or Barranquilla?
2nd tier Vietnam woes..
Dental work Thailand
Monaco Datasheet - By Boris
Is there any item you MUST have when going abroad?
Data Sheet: Burlington, Vermont
Lima Data Sheet - November 2017
Boise, Idaho. No datasheet?!
Vancouver Data Sheet 
One girl per night, using Tinder - Countries where it's possible
Which Country In The Anglosphere Has The Prettiest White Girls On Average?
Cancelling/postponing a trip due to illness?
Best Romanian 2nd Tier City over Bucharest? Timosoara, Iasi
EE Guys- Why the Hate on SEA?
Most Overrated/Underrated Place You've Been
Beach towns around Sydney?
Charleston Trip Report
Albany NY
Almaty, Kazakhstan Datasheet August 2017
Older Guy Giving up on Online Dating
Places where black Americans do well with Afro-Latinas?
Traveling to European destination with easy / not westernised women hits all-time low
What is the best and fastest way to bang hb8+ girls in Philippines?
Norwegian Constitution Day
Long Layover
Favorite time of the year to travel in Europe for pick-up?
Going to Shanghai in approximately four weeks, need advice from Roosh users.
Forum 3 Page 17

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Danemark copenhague
Boracay
USA Trip: what to pack?
Living in Las Vegas
Anybody else interested in traveling and living for free by playing poker?
Guayanquil Ecuador
Nice ( Cote d'Azur ) Data Sheet
Does anyone know how to get a visa extension for a Colombian citizen in Europe?
Denver, Colorado Data Sheet
Datasheet: Leon, Mexico
Gothenburg Sweden in 2018?
Anyone know Brno (Czech Republic)??
How long of a drive across a country before its considered a real country?
Paris - anyone wants to wing?
Daygame cities Asia
Pub Crawl Datasheet
Baller Salary-Income by Country/City 2018
Foreigner Value Overseas
Tomsk, Russia Datasheet 2014
San Diego, CA Datasheet (with an entire book on the city)
Russian Visa for Europeans
Thessaloniki Datasheet 2018
Any info on Thessaloniki?
Travelling from Poland to Ukraine by land: the cheapest & fastest way
Memorial Day or July 4
Gdansk & Sopot (Poland) Mini Data Sheet
WeChat Game Guide for Mainland China
Russia Travel May 14th to Mid-June
Santiago (& Sosua) Dominican Republic Trip Report
Watch out for Belgrade THOTS, or pay the Price
10 Days In Kiev Report
Eastern Europe : 2018
Sarajevo, Bosnia = BIGGEST VALUE (paradise) in Europe
Black American Tourist Killed in Greece
El D.F. México city +40
The Inside Scoop on Houston?
Where can you find highest male competition?
Polish girls vs Czech girls
Mount Athos, Greece-- Literally Christian Patriarchy in Action (No women allowed!)
Risk of theft in the Philippine
Forum 3 Page 18

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Chicks who dig dark brown hair/light skin look?
ZURICH THREAD
I need a cheap flight to the Balkans, from Dallas or TX (read)-- I'll help you too
Places Around the World that Blew Your Mind (Raw Beauty, Adventure, Culture)?
Manaus, Brazil
Dallas Absolutely Sucks
Best European city to hang out in during the summer?
Turkish women..one of the most beautiful of the world?
Cologne/Bonn - Datasheet (2015)
Keep yourself busy besides girls in pussy paradise
First Thai trip (what to bring)
Irkutsk, Russia - Mini Datasheet Dec 2017
WKR Goes to Colombia (Bogota, Medellin) - 10 Days, 5 Bangs (Datasheet+Report w/ Pics)
Colombia - Pereira & Medellin
San Juan del Sur Datasheet Spring 2018
Colombian Girls vs. Brazilian Girls
No love for Turkey?
Jakarta April 2017 Datasheet
Dar el Salam - Tanzania
Varna, Bulgaria - Datasheet
Wisconsin (Madison) Data Sheet
Bachelor Party (USA unfortunately) Thoughts?
San Francisco, Bay Area Data Sheet
Sourcecode's Cluj Report and datasheet
Trying to choose a destination for a 1 - 3 month vacation
Meeting foreign girls in dallas?
Boston, USA Nightlife Datasheet - 2018
New Orleans Data Sheet
Japan declining for westerners
As Promised Kharkiv Ukraine 3 months (Spring is Here!)
Playa Del Carmen Vs Cancun  1st February Advices
Belgrade April 2017
In Europe a good and cheap country to fuck?
Tegucigalpa, Honduras Data Sheet
The Peru Thread
Asian guy travel advice?
Country with hottest women that give up the pussy to westerners easy on Tinder??
Working holiday visa / exchange program / multiple citizenships / etc. thread
Getting a shengen visa extension?
Newcastle, Australia 2016 Datasheet
Forum 3 Page 19

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Dublin, Ireland 2015 Datasheet
Age Difference Acceptance by Country
International Travel Without Money
Fingerprinting at airports
Anywhere in EU not dead at Easter
Best beach destinations in Europe for summer 2018?
In which countries women respond most to first messages on dating sites?
TSA Body Scanners: Do You Go Through or Do You Opt for the Grope?
Chiang Mai Datasheet
Summer Destinations in North America?
Bangalore Data Sheet
How Much Salary do I need to enjoy Uptown Dallas or (Downtown?) Ft Worth
Any suggestions on where to visit during a gap year?
Trinidad
Katowice Poland mini datasheet
Kharkiv, Ukraine - May 2017 trip report
Brazil Rio December 2017 !
Is 50 minutes too short to transfer at Tokyo-Narita for ANA?
Negril, Jamaica Data Sheet
Rio De Janeiro - Overrated ??? - My three weeks in February
Where should I do my erasmus?
Cattle Rustler in Florida (PCB/Miami)
PartyTime's Cordoba Thread
Kiev vs Moscow/St Peter
Rio vs Cartagena
How do Korean girls compare to other nationalities?
EE vs SA vs US
Leaving “Western” Society
New videos on North Korea: Vice basketball trip with Rodman and Harlem Globetrotters
15 hours in Taiwan...what would you do?
Tracking the greatest travelers on earth - a mini data sheet
Datasheet: Kelowna, BC, Canada
Why Polish women may seem a bit nutty... and why you need a checkup!
Summer destinations for a young guy (19) in Europe
Learning Spanish vs. Portuguese
Moving to Philippines and Starting a Business?
Koh Chang - Thailand | Datasheet
Data Sheet Santiago, Chile
Adventures and Sexual Economics in Santo Domingo
Cuzco (Cusco), Peru Data Sheet
Forum 3 Page 20

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Baller Salary-Income by Country/City 2018
Foreigner Value Overseas
Tomsk, Russia Datasheet 2014
San Diego, CA Datasheet (with an entire book on the city)
Russian Visa for Europeans
Thessaloniki Datasheet 2018
Any info on Thessaloniki?
Travelling from Poland to Ukraine by land: the cheapest & fastest way
Memorial Day or July 4
Gdansk & Sopot (Poland) Mini Data Sheet
WeChat Game Guide for Mainland China
Russia Travel May 14th to Mid-June
Santiago (& Sosua) Dominican Republic Trip Report
Watch out for Belgrade THOTS, or pay the Price
10 Days In Kiev Report
Eastern Europe : 2018
Sarajevo, Bosnia = BIGGEST VALUE (paradise) in Europe
Black American Tourist Killed in Greece
El D.F. México city +40
The Inside Scoop on Houston?
Where can you find highest male competition?
Polish girls vs Czech girls
Mount Athos, Greece-- Literally Christian Patriarchy in Action (No women allowed!)
Risk of theft in the Philippine
Chicks who dig dark brown hair/light skin look?
ZURICH THREAD
I need a cheap flight to the Balkans, from Dallas or TX (read)-- I'll help you too
Places Around the World that Blew Your Mind (Raw Beauty, Adventure, Culture)?
Manaus, Brazil
Dallas Absolutely Sucks
Best European city to hang out in during the summer?
Turkish women..one of the most beautiful of the world?
Cologne/Bonn - Datasheet (2015)
Keep yourself busy besides girls in pussy paradise
First Thai trip (what to bring)
Irkutsk, Russia - Mini Datasheet Dec 2017
WKR Goes to Colombia (Bogota, Medellin) - 10 Days, 5 Bangs (Datasheet+Report w/ Pics)
Colombia - Pereira & Medellin
San Juan del Sur Datasheet Spring 2018
Colombian Girls vs. Brazilian Girls
Forum 3 Page 21

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
No love for Turkey?
Jakarta April 2017 Datasheet
Dar el Salam - Tanzania
Varna, Bulgaria - Datasheet
Wisconsin (Madison) Data Sheet
Bachelor Party (USA unfortunately) Thoughts?
San Francisco, Bay Area Data Sheet
Sourcecode's Cluj Report and datasheet
Trying to choose a destination for a 1 - 3 month vacation
Meeting foreign girls in dallas?
Boston, USA Nightlife Datasheet - 2018
New Orleans Data Sheet
Japan declining for westerners
As Promised Kharkiv Ukraine 3 months (Spring is Here!)
Playa Del Carmen Vs Cancun  1st February Advices
Belgrade April 2017
In Europe a good and cheap country to fuck?
Tegucigalpa, Honduras Data Sheet
The Peru Thread
Asian guy travel advice?
Country with hottest women that give up the pussy to westerners easy on Tinder??
Working holiday visa / exchange program / multiple citizenships / etc. thread
Getting a shengen visa extension?
Newcastle, Australia 2016 Datasheet
Dublin, Ireland 2015 Datasheet
Age Difference Acceptance by Country
International Travel Without Money
Fingerprinting at airports
Anywhere in EU not dead at Easter
Best beach destinations in Europe for summer 2018?
In which countries women respond most to first messages on dating sites?
TSA Body Scanners: Do You Go Through or Do You Opt for the Grope?
Chiang Mai Datasheet
Summer Destinations in North America?
Bangalore Data Sheet
How Much Salary do I need to enjoy Uptown Dallas or (Downtown?) Ft Worth
Any suggestions on where to visit during a gap year?
Trinidad
Katowice Poland mini datasheet
Kharkiv, Ukraine - May 2017 trip report
Forum 3 Page 22

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Brazil Rio December 2017 !
Is 50 minutes too short to transfer at Tokyo-Narita for ANA?
Negril, Jamaica Data Sheet
Rio De Janeiro - Overrated ??? - My three weeks in February
Where should I do my erasmus?
Cattle Rustler in Florida (PCB/Miami)
PartyTime's Cordoba Thread
Kiev vs Moscow/St Peter
Rio vs Cartagena
How do Korean girls compare to other nationalities?
EE vs SA vs US
Leaving “Western” Society
New videos on North Korea: Vice basketball trip with Rodman and Harlem Globetrotters
15 hours in Taiwan...what would you do?
Tracking the greatest travelers on earth - a mini data sheet
Datasheet: Kelowna, BC, Canada
Why Polish women may seem a bit nutty... and why you need a checkup!
Summer destinations for a young guy (19) in Europe
Learning Spanish vs. Portuguese
Moving to Philippines and Starting a Business?
Koh Chang - Thailand | Datasheet
Data Sheet Santiago, Chile
Cuzco (Cusco), Peru Data Sheet
I made a ranking of the best cities to pick up women.
Malaysia October 2017
Peru, Mexico or Colombia?
Traveling through Europe-Asia in 100 days
New Zealand data sheet (local)
Lisbon, Portugal
Morocco - What to expect
Athens (Erasmus) Data Sheet
Best places to live for riding motorcycles and banging hotties?
Brazil is Going Downhill Fast
Mendoza, Argentina Datasheet
The Difference Between American vs European Girls -- Expert Calibration
On Greek women
Half Italian travels 2 months through Europe only using Tinder
Car Rental as a Foreign Visitor, esp. Mexico
Loved EE, Good Idea to Visit Nordic Countries?
Monterrey, Mexico
Forum 3 Page 23

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Taos, NM, USA Datasheet
Hua Hin, Thailand Mini Trip Report
Rio de Janeiro and Salvador Brazil Carnival 2017 Datasheet
Iceland
What's the best spot for daygame in the world?
Sly does Sosua, Dominican Republic
Medellin Penthouse - Looking for Roomate
Best city for cheap property / good career opportunities / cool factor
Berlin vs Hamburg
Budapest Datasheet
Considering Moving To Czech Republic
Sacramento, California? Any info?
Destination for turning 50
Is french worth learning?
DATA SHEET: Curitiba Brasil (Warning High end and short, excluding day game)
Helsinki Datasheet 2017 By Boris
Ukraine vs Philippines - Ukraine still worth visiting?
Torino? Or Where else
Arobin's ColombianCupid adventures in Medellin
Mini Data Sheet: Taganga, Caribbean Coast of Colombia
MaleDefined Goes Off The Radar In Peru
Language Exchange in Rome
Why D.C. Might Not Suck
Best place to hook up in Atlanta?
The Netherlands
Which cities would you consider having mastered?
Sharm El Sheik: suggestions for resorts with EE totty?
Acapulco, Mexico Data Sheet
Blonde Ambition - Copenhagen
Chisinau, Moldova Report
Wildest college town in Europe?
Playa del Carmen as of August 2015
Dubai Nightlife Data Sheet '17 - 18' - By Boris
Jamaica 2017 Datasheet (and DR comparison)
Kigali Datasheet (Africa)
Have you ever found yourself broke while travelling abroad? How do you stay afloat?
100K per year, location independent, where would you go?
The Country Statistics Topic
Planning my first trip to Amsterdam from Canada. Please Help!
Travel - 12 months – 12 Cites in the USA, Which Ones?
Forum 3 Page 24

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Spring Break Destinations. How's the club scene
Suriname Data Sheet - Updated
Travel Ultrabook Recommendations
Colombia: Fugly girls and way overrated
Serbia - The best country in Europe
Zagreb, Budapest, Vienna, Prague
Playa del Carmen Data Sheet
Going back to the US: Final thoughts on Spain and Europe in general
Spanish Learning Tips?
Dancing in Russia / FSU - Best partner dance?
1st time in Cebu city in Phils for 4 months
What do airlines consider "oversize" luggage?
Iran Trip Report
Lima, Peru - City of Kings - Datasheet Late 2015
Have you ever used a hotel concierge to acquire anything unconventional?
Has anyone done the digital nomad thing with a girl in tow?
Would you continue posting if you were living abroad?
Driving from the USA (or Canada) to Chile
Iran Datasheet
In your opinion, who are the most beautiful women in Europe ?
One month in Mexico
Looking for thoughts on Bosnian Seaside town of Neum
Travelling alone?
Winter 2017 Vacation Recommendations
China destination (game wise?)
Dealing with Flaky Latin American Girls
US or SEA?
The Real Scoop on Las Vegas
French girl on the Great Wall of China
Mardi Gras 2018 (New Orleans)
Best Apps for Finding Girls in Poland ?
Belfast, Northern Ireland Datasheet
Rosario, Argentina
"Clubbing hard, fucking women, there ain't much to do"
How easy it is to game Arab/North African women in France or Netherlands?
Never show your top half and tackle simultaneously online.
Bergen Norway - Any advice, tips, recommendations?
Portuguese dating and clubbing culture
Chinese/Mandarin Language Thread
Trip Mid February (Which Destination?)
Forum 3 Page 25

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
9 nights in Montanita, Ecuador datasheet NYE
London Datasheet Nov 2017
Best cities/countries for Indian and South Asian men?
Best spot in Paris for nightgame?
Which US city?
Staying in Medellin for 3-4 weeks, recommendations are welcome.
Want to know why your friends don't give up their miserable lifestyles?
Tomorrowland 2017 Datasheet + My Experience
Medellin Action Plan
Moving to Asia
Warning to guys using tinder in Poland
Another night in Washington DC (picture)
Do Not Rely Solely On Credit Cards While Traveling -- Always Carry Sufficient Cash
I'm lost - Where do I go?
Las Vegas
Miami and South Florida Logistics
Is anyone counting down the number of days until you're back abroad?
Study Abroad: Poland or China?
How To Bang 45 Girls During 60 Days In Bangkok, Thailand
Where would you go if you were in my shoes? (Exchange Russia/Mexico/Taiwan/Hawaii)
Have you ever banged a language exchange partner?
Your experience abroad speaking the language/not speaking the language
Australia vs UK vs US
4th SEA Stop: Riding Out Ramadan, Opinions?
Serbo-Croat: most useful language to learn for W. Europeans?
You're High-Value, it's January? You should be in Floripa, Punta or Mardel
Eastern European Girls - Where to bang them?
Moved to Ukraine (finally) Kharkov vs Kyiv?
Anyone else here feel bogged down by Seasonal Affective Disorder?
Datasheet: Truth about Toronto
Tokyo emergency my ATM card broke no cash
Iquitos, Peru?
US cities Best to live for cheap and game!
When does 'taxi' money become P4P?
How NOT to Avoid Luggage Fees:  Man Arrested For Wearing Eight Pants and Ten Shirts
Pre-Screened AirBnB Rentals
10 bangs in Japan - My experience
Trying to figure out Argentinian girls in Buenos Aires (FRs included)
Canada vs Australia/NZ vs Sweden/Norway for relocation?
Hedonism Resort in Negril
Forum 3 Page 26

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Choose destination on premise: Blondes like darker guys and vice versa
The tribulations of 4 days spent in Kiev
Tokyo Daygame: 2017 Datasheet (Wings for Jan/Feb2018?)
7 Days to Play in Europe
Summer in Brazil: Sao Paulo, Rio, Floripa, POA, or somewhere else?
Has anyone ever voluntarily returned to the West after living in "paradise"?
Lost my mind in Medellin
Best places in Europe during the summer?
Cultural/societal Outsider Index - Which cultures/race of women are open to which men
Salsa In Latin America
Vegas Trip
Countries Featuring the BEST Asses
US vs Canada
Leaving Toronto
Most Used Dating Apps by Country
Moved to Budapest. My Blog & Suggestions
Internet Security While Travelling Abroad
Convention season in Vegas
Top 10 RVF Datasheets of 2017 (imo)
2017 Datasheets of Asia: Indonesia | Philippines | Mongolia | Kyrgyzstan | Kazakhstan
Cebu City Mania - 2014 Datasheet
Eastern Europe Winter Suggestions
For The Next 24 Hours Only:  Free 124-Page Report -- Best Places To Live In The World
I am traveling to Kiev in Jan...
Washington DC Tribal Meetup (Bi-Monthly)
Can you still get cigarettes overseas?
Buenos Aires apartment logistics
Info on Gold Coast, Cairns / beach towns on the east coast of Australia
VP In China, Part II
Hong Kong Nightclub recommendations
Mamaroneck Ave. White Plains, NY
What to do in Vegas?
Dresden, Germany Datasheet
What I learned from having 2000+ European girls as FB "friends"
Planning a Visit to Phuket
Pakistan MEGA trip report + Datasheet
Sinaloa, Mexico Data Sheet
Australia VS UK(Outside London)  VS New Zealand to live/work?
Basel data sheet
Mexico is dangerous?
Forum 3 Page 27

Upper Midwest - 52 Pickup
La Crosse, WI Datasheet
Data Sheet: Duluth
2 weeks in Cebu
How to get Russian Visa?
Groningen impressions
Best game for middle eastern looking guy
Tinder in Iran - the next poosy paradise?
Belize
Ideal location to rent airb and b Prague
Best place to stay for a month Bucharest/Kiev?
Italian and Spaniard women, should I try again?
Hanoi Data Sheet
Beirut 2015 DataSheet
Copenhagen vs. Helsinki
Boise, Idaho
Ever banged an athlete during the Olympics?
Polish girls in Chicago
Sexover
Cuba - trip report!
Do only Western Women value Muscles in men?
Lithuania Data Sheet (Kaunas)
Northern Queensland(Cairns & Townsville, Australia) Info/Datasheet
Make sure you travel in "Good Ratio Season"
Is dating foreign women in your home country just as good as dating them abroad?
Gaming Foreign girls in English
Which European Women Are The Most "Hyped Up" In The World?
Budapest - Best City in Europe 2016
World map of Hottest and Sexiest Women By Country by Country
January 2017 SA trip: MV and Punta or BA and Plata?
Chistnau Moldova / Transnistria Data Sheet 2016
Relocating to a poorer country for meeting women: I'd like to hear your opinions
FAO Aussies from Sydney
South East Asia - 3 Months
Data sheet : Georgetown - Guyana
Russia/Belarus/Ukraine girl Pics
Please help me find my next destination!
Bucharest, Romania Datasheet
X city in US to a Y international city fare sale thread
What's worse: Southern Cal or Bay Area?
Forum 3 Page 28

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
China destination (game wise?)
Dealing with Flaky Latin American Girls
US or SEA?
The Real Scoop on Las Vegas
French girl on the Great Wall of China
Mardi Gras 2018 (New Orleans)
Best Apps for Finding Girls in Poland ?
Belfast, Northern Ireland Datasheet
Rosario, Argentina
"Clubbing hard, fucking women, there ain't much to do"
How easy it is to game Arab/North African women in France or Netherlands?
Never show your top half and tackle simultaneously online.
Bergen Norway - Any advice, tips, recommendations?
Portuguese dating and clubbing culture
Chinese/Mandarin Language Thread
Trip Mid February (Which Destination?)
9 nights in Montanita, Ecuador datasheet NYE
London Datasheet Nov 2017
Best cities/countries for Indian and South Asian men?
Best spot in Paris for nightgame?
Which US city?
Staying in Medellin for 3-4 weeks, recommendations are welcome.
Want to know why your friends don't give up their miserable lifestyles?
Tomorrowland 2017 Datasheet + My Experience
Medellin Action Plan
Moving to Asia
Warning to guys using tinder in Poland
Another night in Washington DC (picture)
Do Not Rely Solely On Credit Cards While Traveling -- Always Carry Sufficient Cash
I'm lost - Where do I go?
Las Vegas
Miami and South Florida Logistics
Is anyone counting down the number of days until you're back abroad?
Study Abroad: Poland or China?
Where would you go if you were in my shoes? (Exchange Russia/Mexico/Taiwan/Hawaii)
Have you ever banged a language exchange partner?
Your experience abroad speaking the language/not speaking the language
Australia vs UK vs US
4th SEA Stop: Riding Out Ramadan, Opinions?
Serbo-Croat: most useful language to learn for W. Europeans?
Forum 3 Page 29

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Serbo-Croat: most useful language to learn for W. Europeans?
You're High-Value, it's January? You should be in Floripa, Punta or Mardel
Eastern European Girls - Where to bang them?
Moved to Ukraine (finally) Kharkov vs Kyiv?
Anyone else here feel bogged down by Seasonal Affective Disorder?
Datasheet: Truth about Toronto
Tokyo emergency my ATM card broke no cash
Iquitos, Peru?
US cities Best to live for cheap and game!
When does 'taxi' money become P4P?
How NOT to Avoid Luggage Fees:  Man Arrested For Wearing Eight Pants and Ten Shirts
Pre-Screened AirBnB Rentals
10 bangs in Japan - My experience
Trying to figure out Argentinian girls in Buenos Aires (FRs included)
Canada vs Australia/NZ vs Sweden/Norway for relocation?
Hedonism Resort in Negril
Choose destination on premise: Blondes like darker guys and vice versa
Tokyo Daygame: 2017 Datasheet (Wings for Jan/Feb2018?)
7 Days to Play in Europe
Summer in Brazil: Sao Paulo, Rio, Floripa, POA, or somewhere else?
Has anyone ever voluntarily returned to the West after living in "paradise"?
Lost my mind in Medellin
Best places in Europe during the summer?
Cultural/societal Outsider Index - Which cultures/race of women are open to which men
Salsa In Latin America
Vegas Trip
Countries Featuring the BEST Asses
US vs Canada
Leaving Toronto
Most Used Dating Apps by Country
Moved to Budapest. My Blog & Suggestions
Internet Security While Travelling Abroad
Convention season in Vegas
Top 10 RVF Datasheets of 2017 (imo)
2017 Datasheets of Asia: Indonesia | Philippines | Mongolia | Kyrgyzstan | Kazakhstan
Cebu City Mania - 2014 Datasheet
Eastern Europe Winter Suggestions
For The Next 24 Hours Only:  Free 124-Page Report -- Best Places To Live In The World
I am traveling to Kiev in Jan...
Washington DC Tribal Meetup (Bi-Monthly)
Forum 3 Page 30

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Buenos Aires apartment logistics
Info on Gold Coast, Cairns / beach towns on the east coast of Australia
VP In China, Part II
Hong Kong Nightclub recommendations
Mamaroneck Ave. White Plains, NY
What to do in Vegas?
Dresden, Germany Datasheet
What I learned from having 2000+ European girls as FB "friends"
Planning a Visit to Phuket
Pakistan MEGA trip report + Datasheet
Sinaloa, Mexico Data Sheet
Australia VS UK(Outside London)  VS New Zealand to live/work?
Basel data sheet
Mexico is dangerous?
Easiest and hardest countries in Europe to pull?
Google Flights: a Chrome Extension Adds Legroom to Search Results
Trying to buy a property in a bangable location for $600k - locations in the US?
Taking the cuck out of tech (Bay area)
Why Israel (and Tel Aviv in particular) is the shittiest western place to game in
I've been accused of sending dick pics to an Airbnb host
Vinny's world travel log
Cuba Data Sheet - 3 Months Solid
Best city, country for baller celebrity status
Colombia's craigslist?
Eastern Europe Jan. to March. Terrible Idea?
Brazil = shit. Do not bang Brazil.
No More Hotels In South America, Airbnb Only From Now On
Nosara, Costa Rica - Datasheett
Couchsurfing, Earth - Datasheet
Warsaw over new years eve
Is California/Los angeles really that obsessed with black guys?
Top 5 EU countries for men
Que difícil es hablar el español...
Robbed/mugged
Las Vegas is the worst city in the United States (My Review)
Brazil : Dec, Jan and Feb 2018
Sao Paulo, Brazil - Where to stay and meet up.
Im going Brazil in december
I'm in Miami Bitch
Western Ukraine Datasheet
Forum 3 Page 31

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Need apartment for Mexico City
Found way to get no cost upgrade on any US flights
Bogotá vs Mexico City?
Florianopolis datasheet
Kosice Slovakia Datasheet
Is the Nomad List right? Chiang Mai Q
Worlds best poker rooms
[Mini Datasheet] Cheap Way To Eliminate Funky Odors In Travel Luggage
San Antonio Datasheet
Riverside Co, Socal vs Washington DC
North Korea
Self Reflections 1.5 years after leaving the West
Cuba Accommodations
How to live the dream and move abroad
New Zealand (Auckland) vs Canada (Vancouver) for an Indian?
Best US big city for dating/gaming other than NY?
Tallinn Summer 2017 Datasheet
Venezuelanas Abroad
"Fuck Off Foreigners": Chinese Rapper Makes Anti-Sexpat "Rap Music" Song
20k to travel/do what I want with. Suggestions?
Some observations after 4 months in SE Asia
Leon Nicaragua Data Sheet
Barcelona and Sevilla Data Sheets
Russian Holidays
The Adventures of Casanova
Two Weeks in Iquitos and the Jungle
Most f*ed up things you've seen in Slavic Europe/ FSU
Need city in Mexico
T-Mobile for Traveling
Jamaica, South America, or Europe?
Leaving AUS should I move UK or Canada or elsewhere
Central Russia vs Southern Russia
The Masculine Traveler: A Guide To International Dating And Travel Adventure
What Cities To Fly To From Texas For A Weekend?
Is travelling for pussy always worth it?
Low trust society game
Where to chill in "nature" in Thailand
The Definite Erasmus Datasheet
Perth Australia - Summary
POLL: Easiest countries to pull 7+ in Asia
Forum 3 Page 32

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
POLL: Easiest countries to pull 7+ in Asia
Detailed Istanbul Datasheet
Vancouver for the long haul
Looking to buy a property in Chile
Where to celebrate NYE in South East Asia?
CrackerDaddy Does Rio
South America or Eastern Europe?
Best surfing towns during the European winter?
How I learned Russian
Irish Women
Visiting cities on the weekend
Public Service Announcement for travellers in no plan-B countries, e.g. Philippines
Bali, Indonesia - Trip report/Mini-data sheet
Cities/places where you felt unsafe/insecure
Moscow Nightlife Data Sheet 2016 -2017 by Boris
Saudi is finally opening up: First tourist visas to be issued in 2018
Riyadh, Saudi Arabia Datasheet - Will be updated as time permits
Where to stay in Oslo?
Iceland for New Years Eve
Anyone been to Kiruna, Sweden? Aurora Borealis Related.
cnn report on pua in china
Are there any non rev guys here aka airline employees?
I’m leaving the US indefinitely. Where to?
7 Horrifying Reasons to Avoid Victoria, British Columbia, Canada
Rio (Brazil) -> Advices ?
Tinder while travelling, any way to maximize results?
Moving: SF, Barcelona, Berlin?
Traveling to the U.S. Territories - just as expensive as international travel?
Krakow - Lviv - Minsk in January?
Kirkland,Seattle ,WA..any advice
Prague accomodation?
Anyone in Chang Mai?
North Korea Paddy's Day Tour... anybody interested? (seriously)
One Bag / 15 Months / 12 Countries
15 days in E.E during the winter
South Pacific Islands
Looking for a road trip buddy in Ecuador (by Vinny)
Traveling to malta
Countries with big booty women
Best places to travel to escape Winter in the USA?
Forum 3 Page 33

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Helsinki/Finland in summer..how to get the most of it?
Chapel Hill Datasheet 2017
The Busted Dudes Test for countries you've been to
Adelaide, Australia Data Sheet
Morgantown, WV, will I be ok?
How to avoid Food Poisoning while staying / travelling in Latin America and Asia
Koh Samet Island (Thailand) Data Sheet
Sorry if this has been posted before but (San Diego)
Another Asian guy needs advice for European girls in 2017
Fort Worth, Texas Data Sheet November 2013 Update (Greater Tarrant County)
The Kongo Empire's Colombian thread.
Returning from abroad with PSAD
Why is Thailand comes in one of the best places for travels ot trouist point of views
Germany? Where are the hotspots?
Dear Men Of Colombia Post
Polymathguru's Summary of Reconnaissance Man by Aaron Clarey
We need to come up with an alternate term to "sex tourist"
Recommendations for a week in Europe for 'handsome' Scottish/Irish looking guy
Lviv Experiences
Trip Advisor Hides Rapes And Other Crimes From Their Review Section
Thai Elite Visa
Best city in Europe for MIXED girls? (pic)
Which FSU city for the summer?
Why Belgrade is the #1 City in EE
Quito, Ecuador Data Sheet
Going to Budapest in a week, need advice!!
Best EE/Russian city for the winter months?
A refined travel guide for Sydney.
Boise, Idaho
North Dakota/Minneapolis/Winnipeg
Is “Black Fetish” an Anglo Phenomenon?
Your SMV by Country/Region
My nephew has never been to America. Where should I take him?
Vinny's Bucharest Romania trip report and datasheet
What’s your min lay number for a trip to be a “success”?
The difference location makes
What nationality likes you the most?
If Canada Legalizes Weed....
Pulled the trigger and booked a flight to CO; next step is lodging.
Scandinavia (Helsinborg, Stockholm and Helsinki) 2017 Trip Report
Forum 3 Page 34

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Women With and Without Tattoos Around the World
Noisiest cities you've been to (and quietest)
Are there any "good girls" in NYC?
4 days November 20-23rd
Cape Town, RSA Datasheet
EE Research- Any good traditional online dating sites instead of phone apps?
Inviting girls from online straight to the hotel in Brazil/Argentina
Tashkent - Uzbekistan
Choosing a US city with a Location Independent bankroll - option overload!
Manila Datasheet June 2017
Off The Beaten Path In Colombia: La Costa Pacifico
Richard World Traveler videos
Mulattas in Cali Colombia
5 Days In Krakow - Trip Report
Pitt invades Cali, Colombia (cali vs santo domingo)
DMario's Papua New Guinea Log
Domestic US flights will require passport under the REAL ID Act (signed since 2005)
Warsaw - September 2017 Data Sheet
Where Should I Open an Ayahuasca Retreat Center?
Lima Datasheet 2017
Master EU Data Sheet that says it all...
Most Recommended Cities to Travel Solo
Is Colombia safer than Brazil?
Moving indefinitely
Cuernavaca, México data sheet
How do you balance the line between ignoring/not being needy and showing interest?
Selling restaurant in Ecuador, on the beach. $15k
Thailand upcoming visa changes
Bang-ladesh Datasheet
Travel with a good Cover Story or fail
Travel Gym thread
Downtown Los Angeles (or any metro really) on a Budget
San diego
Vinny and Cr33pin looking for a roommate in Lima
Indonesia Java Island: Surabaya | Yogyakarta | Semarang | Bandung Datasheet 2017
Daygame in Long Beach, CA
Datasheet: Rome (All roads lead to Rome)
Oktoberfest 2017 Datasheet
Best bar/club to lone wolf it in Bangkok?
London vs NYC
Forum 3 Page 35

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Solo Bangkok/Saigon/Manila/Indonesia 2017
Salt Lake City, Utah Datasheet
Big budget -- How best to use it though?
Data Sheet: Kansas City
Most # of girls you've banged in a week and the country you did it in:
The Asian Travel Guide to Asia
Disappointed in Barcelona Spain
A few questions about Ho Chi Minh
Which country is the best to go to for dark skinned ass: Colombia or Panama?
How do you keep from getting bored on longer term trips?
Flights to leave Puerto Rico (Hurricane Maria related)
Hugh Hefner dead.Prepare for feminist celebration
Sports & Game - Best place to be in Europe during September ???
Data Sheet: Punta Cana, Dominican Republic
Kiev 2013
Toulouse, France datasheet
Europe Winter?
Data Sheet: The Caribbean Carnival - An Access guide to the Region's best [w.pics]
Czech Republic Vs Poland for moving
Ideas for Improving Trip Reports
Abkhazia datasheet 2017
Where Would You Go In October? - San Diego, Miami, Chicago or NYC?
Lake Balaton, Hungary Mini-Datasheet
Fashion designer friend
Sailing fucked up in Amazonas (Datasheet)
Cambodia
Syrian desert
Going to South America to learn how to game
Meeting up/Wingman in London/South East area
2016-2017 San Francisco Datasheet
Papua New Guinea highlands
Jakarta And Manila: what differences about behavior of regular girls?
Meetup Pittsburgh & Morgantown 13-22 October
What's the matter with Toronto? Seriously...
Budapest Relocation
The Truth About Korean Girls (Seoul Datasheet)
Tunisia Thread
Which countries are easier for absolute beginners?
Philippines - Eye Contact (or lack thereof)
What is the best african country to fuck regular beautiful girls?
Forum 3 Page 36

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
What is the best african country to fuck regular beautiful girls?
General Colombian Impressions
Super Cheap AirAsia Flights March to November, 2018
When to come to Helsinki
Asian Women and Lying in the Context of Long-term Relationships
Where to learn Spanish?
Which bars/lounges to find South American chics in NYC
Any Places Left for dark featured Men!
Where to go in the Anglosphere?
Best option in Europe for Digital Nomads: Varna
Building social/professional networks abroad
Sicily Datasheet
Favorite Nations? Best vs Worst Quality of Life Abroad? 13,000 Expats Opine in Survey
Where to go for 4-5 months
Escape The West - But To Where?
Thinking about moving my company to ________ couple months each year, need advice
Taiwanese family of Girls seem to defy age & 50 yr old Singapore ex Model looks 20s
Where are you on the spectrum of travel?
Dumaguete & Visayas Philippines
Sick of Asia - Need Advice!
Philippines Observations, Suggestions, and Comments
Where to spend a week? (Austria, Slovenia, Croatia)
The most dangerous (because of skinheads, etc) countries in Europe
Best countries for Jewish women?
Is Croatia - Anti Pickup?
Croatia VS Serbia observations datasheet
Girls in Israel and What country to chose for pickup girls in Europe?
India : Best places to go
Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia Datasheet July 2017
Quebec city: Datasheet
7 Days In Tallinn Trip Report
New Easy 1 to 3 year Serbia residency?
Antarctica
Questions- travelling to Copenhagen and Helsinki
Romanian conquests
Hunting Asians in Hong Kong, Vietnam, and Boracay
San Miguel de Allende, GTO. data sheet
Oslo, Norway - Hotter Than Ever
Abkhazia: The Low Down
Bologna Italy difficult?
Forum 3 Page 37

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Autumn /winter break suggestions age 30-40
Canary Islands fuerteventura
San Jose Costa Rica Data Sheet
DJ Overseas
Details of Ukraine's 90 Day Stay Enforcement
Information on overstaying in Ukraine
Kherson Ukraine - Data sheet
Best City in SEA for Networking with Serious Digital Nomads
Budva Summer 2016
Krakow, need wingman..
Stockholm to Helsinki Ferry aka the bang boat
Planning a 25 day trip to East Europe to test out my Russian and for the women
2017 Beijing China Datasheet
Thai girls are so dumb
Buying/hiring a vehicle and driving around the United States
Santa Cruz, Bolivia
Has anyone used Allegiant Air for US charter flights?
Which of these is the better choice for a 3 day stay
Travelling with no credit card?
Philippines current safety
Hong Kong vs SE Asia
Taipei reviews?
Best Country for Beautiful Based Bohemian Girls
McQueen's Las Vegas Data Sheet
Free German Online Dating Sites?
Best European cities for hot girls by country
Guys Colombia or Venezuela for Good Looking Latina
Budapest recommendations please
Best countries for blonde scandinavian guy?
My 2015 summer lecture tour (details & questions)
Debauchery in Lima, Peru. Trip report 2017
Anywhere where women are actually intelligent with creative minds, and open/weird?
Countries where 1st date S&M is most acceptable to try
Ayia Napa - Cyprus, a disastrous place unless...
Best country in Latin America for 1st time?
Democratic Republic of Congo: Reports?
Fisto Invades SEA (Starting in BKK)
Bogotá Trip Report
Sydney Data Sheet
Best Languages to learn
Forum 3 Page 38

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Who has been to the Vatican?
9 Days Bucharest/Budapest/Prague
Cuba (Havana + Trinidad) Datasheet
Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan Datasheet July 2017
Balkan Metasheet
To Visit Western Europe Now or Later (or Never)
People cancelling on trip plans last minute
Quitting a professional job to travel
Monterrey vs Guadalajara
Mid 30s guy best EE destination
New to Edmonton - Where the freaky bitches hang at?
Can't Decide How Many Countries To Travel To
Shameless Rise of the 'Beg-Packers'
Where to live in Europe?
How many countries have you visited?
Couchsurfing red alert!!!!!
Chinese Lesbian Prostitutes Tour
Logistics in Japan
Jakarta Datasheet
Valencia, Spain 2017 Data Sheet
Decided to quit my job and travel, recommendations wanted
Research results: rating countries who speak English
Woodstock Poland festival 2017
Tallinn, Estonia - Criminally Underrated
Cost of living?
Taking Monitor On Trips
Bucharest nightlife advice please?
Spanish or Portuguese?
Ibiza vs. Denmark vs. Sweden vs. Austria
Is there anyone that could provide data sheet of Rotterdam, Den Haag and Utrecht?
Bangs from Showaround ?
Volunteering Abroad: Anyone done it?
Moving improve lay count significantly?
Portrait of the mentality of French people specially Parisian
British Council
Dubai DataSheet
Ho Chi Minh - 5 day report
Long game - do you keep them guessing or do you tell them youre coming back
Almaty, Kazakhstan - Datasheet (NSFW)
Best Short-Term Rental Nest for Sexpats in Chongqing?
Forum 3 Page 39

(Datasheet) How to travel the world without paying bank fees – for UK citizens
Vietnam Motorbike Tour – Hanoi to Saigon (Ho Chi Minh City)
Why is divorce rate high in Russia and Brazil?
Barzilian women's beauty overrated?
Gdansk & Sopot (Poland) Mini Data Sheet
Traveling gets old??
Datasheet: Cali, Colombia
Rosario, Argentina
Party Time in Asia - Jakarta, Bali, Bangkok, Manila, Tokyo - Jan-Feb
EE beta chart??
Mediterranean women
The Myth About the Russian Divorce Rate
SXSW 2016
Leaving Car in United States for 1-6 Month Trip
Moving to Austin, TX in a week
@NaughtyNomad and other experienced pipeliners...
Budapest vs Krakow (or Prague)??
Busted Dudes Test Revisited
Has anyone moved from Canada to the US?
Zika Virus Outbreak
Booking hotel in Belarus advice
Costa Rica or Eastern Europe (Poland/Ukraine etc)
Filtering out ladyboys and prostitutes
Quality of Life: Los Angeles vs NYC
Indonesia
The Jerusalem Story
JAS does Mexico City (District Federal) and Acapulco
Madrid, 2nd Tier City in Taiwan or Stay in the USA
Aussie heading to Cali
Phillipines: cheap island with nightlife, cheap, beach
AndThenDime aka Oil Spills does Colombia
Short vacation to EE - What country?
Dubai accommodations
My Morocco Experience
What are the best countries for Brazilians?
Going to Study in EE - Latvia, Estonia or Lithuania
Datasheet: Syracuse, New York
Joao Pessoa data sheet
New York City: Losing My Religion
Daytime travel openers
Forum 3 Page 39

(Datasheet) How to travel the world without paying bank fees – for UK citizens
Vietnam Motorbike Tour – Hanoi to Saigon (Ho Chi Minh City)
Why is divorce rate high in Russia and Brazil?
Barzilian women's beauty overrated?
Gdansk & Sopot (Poland) Mini Data Sheet
Traveling gets old??
Datasheet: Cali, Colombia
Rosario, Argentina
Party Time in Asia - Jakarta, Bali, Bangkok, Manila, Tokyo - Jan-Feb
EE beta chart??
Mediterranean women
The Myth About the Russian Divorce Rate
SXSW 2016
Leaving Car in United States for 1-6 Month Trip
Moving to Austin, TX in a week
@NaughtyNomad and other experienced pipeliners...
Budapest vs Krakow (or Prague)??
Busted Dudes Test Revisited
Has anyone moved from Canada to the US?
Zika Virus Outbreak
Booking hotel in Belarus advice
Costa Rica or Eastern Europe (Poland/Ukraine etc)
Filtering out ladyboys and prostitutes
Quality of Life: Los Angeles vs NYC
Indonesia
The Jerusalem Story
JAS does Mexico City (District Federal) and Acapulco
Madrid, 2nd Tier City in Taiwan or Stay in the USA
Aussie heading to Cali
Phillipines: cheap island with nightlife, cheap, beach
AndThenDime aka Oil Spills does Colombia
Short vacation to EE - What country?
Dubai accommodations
My Morocco Experience
What are the best countries for Brazilians?
Going to Study in EE - Latvia, Estonia or Lithuania
Datasheet: Syracuse, New York
Joao Pessoa data sheet
New York City: Losing My Religion
Daytime travel openers
Forum 3 Page 40

Philippines Journal-Diary of a Noob (Metro Manila)
Datasheet: Chengdu, China
Planning my first trip to Amsterdam from Canada. Please Help!
Promoting in NYC to game the foreign model ladies
One of the best indian travel destination
Newcastle-Upon-Tyne UK  Data Sheet
Portuguese language section
Tampa area or 2nd tier cities down south
Toronto Meetup - Just Curious, Are We Doing Anything Illegal
Glasgow (UK) datasheet
Best town in Norway during the winter
Cali, Colombia - few questions for you pros
Kampala, Uganda  Datasheet
Cascavel, Parana, Brazil
Half-blood paradise in SEA
Visiting Asia for the first time
Potentially Relocating to Poland - advice welcome
Koh Lanta, Thailand - Data sheet
Pipelining Hard on ColombianCupid
The BEST Credit and Debit Cards for International Travel (Comprehensive List)
Advice needed: Going to the Philippines
The Revolut card and Brazil
Where would you go?
Iceland logistics
How to stay anonymous while traveling (In Phils, but relevant all places)
Best Possible Study Abroad Programs
Lund, Sweden - Worth visiting?
Bang Germany
Toronto Datasheet
Best countries to live comfortably on 1,500 USD or less per month?
Bogota Virgin
Amman, Jordan - Data Sheet and Commentary (Long Post)
Best south european country for north european looking guy?
Cruise Bangs
Best place in China to game?
RVF Siberian Meet Up: Autumn 2013
delete
Help me organize my travel route
Brazil place to go?
Bogota Virgin
Forum 3 Page 41

Inventor Presents ‘Detachable Cabin’ Concept to Minimize Deaths in Airplane Crashes
Cedonulli's Cambodian Site Password Protected - Anyone Know How to Access it?
Ideas For Working Vacation
In which countries do girls still initiate interest in public?
Free until early March - where would you go (SA, EE)?
Rules of the flag hunting
Northern Minas Gerais (Brazil): Great Place, Great Wing
Training camps in Thailand
Foreign Earned Income Exclusion: Bona Fide Residence Test
EE/FSU city during late June and July
The Latvia thread
How Many Boyfriends Can A Nigerian Girl Have?
Reflections on a Recent Trip to Russia
Berlin Winter 2015 data sheet
Santo Domingo Vs Medellin
Bucharest v Sofia for long weekend
Cost of Living in San Francisco
Malta: A Comprehensive Thread
Need detailed advice on Florida chicks (for a Brit)
Christmas in Brazil (or any other catholic country)
Opening a Bar in Poland
NorthFace Video - The Great Siberian Traverse
DR - Samana
The G Manifesto's Riga, Latvia Data Sheets
PERU by a peruvian
Why girls in Medellín ask for cab fare
Is there a way to avoid getting a visa for South Africa?
Metro Vancouver! What do you like, what do you hate about it?
In what countries pipelining is necessary
Life of Military Helicopter Pilots
Playing with fire: Going to Semi-Pussy Paradise For First Big Trip too intense?
Sao Paulo, Brazil - 2014 Night Club Datasheet
Sao Paulo Datasheet April 2015 and June 2015
Spring Break Destinations. How's the club scene
In What Cities or Countries are one night stands the norm?
Traveler's Dilemma: More Places or Longer Stays
Murder Map
British Guys traveling to small town USA College towns and cleaning up big
Hvar Croatia Datasheet
Manila - Places to go out
Forum 3 Page 42

Turkey
Bavaria/Munich in winter
SEA suggestions for starting with a big change?
First Time - Prague, Budapest
germany easy place
Work as a salesman in foreign countries
After reading various datasheets i decided to go to...
Peru: studying spanish and banging mediocre chicks
Exchange semester in south america?
International Wingmen .. to travel is to live.
5 street-things you MUST do when in Hanoi
Ruble falls to 5 year low against USD today
Delta Companion Pass, Anyone have one?
Vietnam or Philippines for honeymoon
Guadalajara vs Puerto Vallarta
Datasheet Bratislava + Trnava, Slovakia
How do I prevent or deal with police extortion in Thailand or Philly?
Making 6 figures in FL?
Launceston, Tasmania, Australia
Best Place in Caribbean or near by for a group of single men
Ithaca, NY datasheet
(Canada) Interprovincial moving methods
Whats the best city in Columbia to get with girls?
Comprehensive Introduction To The Chinese Language
Persian women
On Greek women
Living in Hong Kong
World Service Authority
Brussels, Belgium
Boynton Beach, Florida - DATASHEET
Rolling Dolo: Colombia or Peru
Krakow - Short Stay datasheet
Day Gaming in SF
Easiest nightlife venues in Krakow
Thailand NYE questions?
How to use couchsurfing to hook up
'Doing' Asia
Porto Alegre (POA) journey
Priority Pass
Observations on a night out in Nottingham....terrible.
Forum 3 Page 43

Emirates Air sale going on now
Immigrating to North America through marriage
Best time of the year to go to London?
Do guys date up in Czech Republic/Slovakia?
Salzburg, Austria datasheet
Airbnb business model threatened by female SJW mayor
The Game In Spain falls Gently on my Wang... (Madrid)
Interpals
How long should a bang/flag mission in a foreign place be?
Everything plus Volunteer work?
RTW Trip
Colombia over Mexico?
Where to prioritize in your youth?
Second-tier UK
Phuket, Kata Beach
Asian body language ( IOIs)
South America rent cost
How accurate are the data sheets on mylatinlife? (Latin America)
How do I build my lifestyle to allow maximum travel time?
Chihuahua, Mexico
Fed raising interest rate
Stay in NYC or move to LA?
The Caucasus (Georgia, Armenia, Azerbaijan)
Must visit cities/countries in Europe
Nightlife Hours by Country
Bang Cincinnati [data sheet]
BANG CUBA!! White man's Paradise!!!
Havana Trip Report
no
New Year 2016
1 year in Europe, France
Need advice: Place to stay in Buenos Aires
Johannesburg and Cape Town Advice - Sunday and New Years
Cape Town (18-23 November)
Guadalajara, Jalisco weekend trip Datasheet
Iguassu Falls - Foz do Iguaçu
How many days to spend in Hong Kong, Macau and Shenzhen?
Good Places to crash for NYE
Newb First Trip: 1 month in Philippines
Places to travel in Jan EE/problems with exams in EE?
Forum 3 Page 44

Where to travel? (Latin America?)
Hookers in Angeles, Philippines getting uppity
What is the Colombian city with the least amount of flaking?
Eastern European party ski resort intel?
El Nido, Palawan, Philippines
Need city in Mexico
Help Me
The Busted Dudes test 2.0 thread
Jakarta vs. Manila: Short bang trip.
Seek new places or repeated visits?
Stockholm Sweden – As of October 2015
Staying permanently in Ukraine (90 day rule problem)
Manila: some questions
Value home vs abroad
Advice on where to spend several weeks to a month in Central/South America/Caribbean?
GPS-faking Apps that Work?
Should I move to LakeForest California
How to furnish an unfurnished rental cheaply?
Chang mai, Thailand NYE
Anyone have experience with a working holiday in Australia?
'the Nomad List', 500 cities ranked on living cost, visa req, Wifi, etc.
Airbnb in Hk ??
Why are DEFCOCK II countries harder than DEFCOCK III countries?
What's the deal with Aussies in Asia...?
New Years Eve 2016 in Los Angeles
India THE Game Location
10 Countries With The Most Beautiful People Video - Similar to Forum
Tripfilms.com - 20,000 videos to inspire your next travel adventure
Datasheet: Toronto, Canada
If you could be fluent in only 5 languages (including Eng.) which would you choose?
Myanmar / Burma
First timer in SEA: Thailand or Philippines?
Should I move to Tampa, Florida? Need the lowdown.
White Flight W. Europe-- Where Are Best Places?
12 Month split in Europe. Wroclaw, Bucharest, Sofia, or Budapest?
Readjusting Game to American Women After Being Abroad
Bucaramanga, Colombia Data Sheet
Working Remote in South America... good locations?!
Greek Women Selling Sex for the Price of a Sandwich
Salsa In Latin America
Forum 3 Page 45

Thailand/Indonesia - Mail Storage/Scanning
Ukraine vs Russia
Tel Aviv Night Life Datasheet
White woman obsession?
Demographic Decline: Why Eastern Europe Peaked Around 2010 for Women
The Country Statistics Topic
Beijing, China Trip starting 9/3/2015
Datasheet: Buenos Aires, Argentina 2015
Fortaleza
South America, cities where girls are available
Couch Surfing?
One month in Medellin
Chicago or Austin?
2 extremes of Sex Excess: Promiscuity & Less: Prudishness correlation to Depression
Serbo-Croat: most useful language to learn for W. Europeans?
What does a "revoked" passport mean? What does it prevent you from doing?
Poland in December (daygame/nightgame)
Bangkok hotel
Is Eastern Europe Painfully Overhyped?
Best Languages to learn
Cambodia - Data Sheet
Mini World Tour - Europe , Asia, US
Pick up or pond hockey scene in Europe and Russia
What Country to Move to?
Where To Find Big Booty Asian Girls With Swag Like This?
Traveling by boat
Are Uruguay and Argentina Equally Bad?
NYE 2016, any special destinations?
Northampton UK Datasheet
Is Spain, Italy, and rest of Southern Europe worth it?
Aarhus, Denmark is not a Sausage Fest
Night game and buyer's remorse in Denmark
Moscow Update
Is there any other place left other than Russia?
Best place in Latin America to find a serious girlfriend/wife?
Oslo Data Sheet
Tallinn or Riga?
Need Help about Athens!
Best countries for a redhead?
Baltimore
Forum 3 Page 46

Weekend trip away from Kiev
Beware of a man named Paul/Andre (Andrei Muresan) living in Wroclaw Poland
When to Buy Plane Tickets
East/Central Europe
Best place in Europe for me?
Anyone visiting Dominican R during Christmas holidays
12 Comments From Over 6 Years Of International Living
Where to stay for a few weeks in Europe this winter
Authentic Counterfiet Bank Notes (Euro, Dollars Pounds) : [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */
Working holiday visa in New Zealand
Toronto Vs. NYC
Playa del Carmen Data Sheet
Buy Real Passport ,Visa,Driving License,id cards [[email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */]
Tehran, Iran
East Tennessee Data Sheet
Incredible India
Austin Texas Data Sheet
Southamerica Medellin, Lima, Brazil ?!?!?
Tripping.Com - Anyone used it?
Get to know cool/interesting people while travelling
LA, NYC, or Miami for "status" game?
Favela party in Rio de Janeiro
Lincoln, Nebraska
Miami
Sioux Falls, South Dakota
RVF Power Rankings
How Women from Different Cultures act  in Similar Situations
South-East Asian-American Women Intel Request
contiki trips
Colombia Vs Russia
I'm in Miami Bitch
The women of Cali vs Barranquilla
Pat Condell Sweden Cultural Collapse Review
Tips on using Airbnb for monthly travel rentals
Country with the best economy in Eastern Europe: Comparison of 9 countries
Manchester, Leeds or Sheffield?
Buenos Aires Data Sheet
Will anybody be in Cebu city next month
Who Has The Sexiest Accent?
The best places in EE for Mongolian guys.
Forum 3 Page 47

Bodrum 2015
Chicago Next Week ... I need help please!
Bangkok Vs Manila & game in SE Asia
Yacht Week BVI Time Filler
Is the Nomad List right? Chiang Mai Q
Where to go in Europe for the Winter ?
Berlin, Germany
Davao, Philippines, Data Sheet
Barranquilla cityscape
There else...after Sweden
Nigeria
Power trip 2013 -  New York City
Pre-arranged visa hacks with onward travel.
Why Do Foreign Women Have Softer, Higher-Pitched Voices?
Snowboarding in Japan.
The Expendables in Medellin
2-3 weeks in the Philippines: cities for night game
Paraguay: The Dark Horse of Latin America
Warsaw daygame in August
Favorite cities in November?
A New Country Every Month (for work) ... My Journey
I want to live in Kiev: The Two to Four Year Plan
Language situation in Montreal for pick up
What's the farthest you have traveled just to get one chick.
Game Ease
Plight of the Russian woman
Marmaris, Limassol, Ayia Napa fractured datasheets
12 Most Sexually Satisfied Countries
Drinking the tap water abroad
Tijuana, Mexico City Guide 2014
Nagorno-Karabakh Republic / Stepanakert Trip Report
AlreadyGone: Travel Logz
Australian Aboriginal flag anyone?
Tell me about Your first trip SOLO
Need a Breakdown on Cartagena, Colombia
Guanajuato and Leon in November
Looking for advice on best place for me to live in Eastern Europe
Best Place in Europe for north eastern guy
Where to Live in US
Edited
Forum 3 Page 48

Panama City, Panama Data Sheet
Winter Escape - Best Destination?
Camping/backpacking/hiking/hitchhiking thread
Pickpockets in Europe
Edinburgh International/Fringe (Flag) Festival
Stockholm on weekend - Where to go out?
Saint Louis, Missouri - The HeartBang of America 2015
Can't decide: Czech Republic or Austria?
Short term apartments for rent
The economy in Moscow and Russia
Seoul or Korea meetup
Lively cities in USA to settle down for a while in
Fluency in a Tonal Language - Thai, Vietnamese, or Mandarin
Sonora, Mexico Trip Report + Introduction to Mexican Banda Music
My ULTIMATE Guide to NYC
living in Cartagena Colombia for a month
Fake Weddings in Argentina to Amuse Young, Poorer, and Bored
Guadalajara, Mexico beginning 10/1/15
Black in Australia.
Tegucigalpa, Honduras Data Sheet
The Siege of San Salvador
Santo Domingo DataSheet
Is Southern Cal one of the hardest areas in the US to pull?
Using Badoo to gauge SMV of women overseas
Moma Travel destination (3 days)
Intel on Austrian women requested
World's Most Liveable Cities List 2015
My Vietnam experience (datasheet)
Any U.S. festivals/big events during Nov-Dec?
Norwegian air to begin offering $69 tickets from the US to Europe  by 2017
Has anyone been to Porcfest/Free State Project in New Hampshire? How are the girls?
Eastern Europe - where to go on September for about 15 days? and July for a weekend?
First time going to Europe (with two friends)- Need advice
Flakey Foreign Women
Iran Expecting Tourism Boom After Nuclear Deal
CHICAGO COUGAR milf bar den places         from 2015
SF vs NYC
What are the top destinations for a programmer?
Implication of If you have a kid while traveling
Flaghunter’s trip of Africa
Forum 3 Page 49

Bogotá Trip Report
Syrian migration turning western europe into a Sausagefest?
Miami Carnival?
Fast Eddie's Shanghai venture
Colombia 10 days - which city?
Oradea Romania
Planning Trip to Poland
Wingman in Helsinki - Oct 2015
3 months in Shenzhen/Hong Kong
Ecuador
The best city in Czech Republic in terms of girls
The Rome thread
Moving to Hong Kong
Delete
Where to hit up this summer
Best City in E.Europe To Visit (for a wk)?
Any tips on booking a hotel room in Vegas on short notice for cheap?
Raw. Real. Rio. MaleDefined in Brazil
2 Canadians among 4 abducted on Philippine island
Spending Money For Chicago (1 week)
Help me pick a city for my exchange semester
Good places to fuck/suck outside in NYC?
OnlyTrue Pussy Paradises of Modern Times. Brazil and Poland
Boca and South Beach trip report
Male Strippers are popular in Russia/Ukraine - true or false?
Oxford UK - Data Sheet
Does anybody know a good city with a lot of light skinned Latin women?
belgrade or bucharest or greece for latin (dark brown ) guy
Belgrade Club Game
A Data Sheet for Burning Man
What 2 cities could You absolutely vouch for?
Reasons Western women are that bad?
Identifying the Mestizo Spectrum
What Southeast Asian city would you recommend?
How Americans Can Ride Trains in Germany For Free
Ciudad Juarez Report
Dongguan, China - Pussy Paradise Spotted
best brazilian city for a south american
Honduras?
Belo Horizonte vs Porto Alegre. And one small thing that I noticed.
Forum 3 Page 50

where should I go next? US maybe?
Travel solo or attempt pair bonding?
Burning Man
In which countries thongs bikinis are popular?
Warsaw October
A working holiday visa in Australia
The Canadian Experience scam
Summer Montreal Trip
Tinder while travelling, any way to maximize results?
How has Eastern Europe changed over the years (since the 90s)
Dealing with culture shock and the rage that ensues?
Pereira Colombia
Thailand sept 24 to Oct 10
U.S. Latino guy traveling in Europe September 2015
Puerto Vallarta Data Sheet
Living in Boston?
swuglyfe's Sea to Shining Sea Snatch Slamming Spree
Chicago: How to dress in Fall/Autumn
Why is there no major Euro-summer party spot in Italy?
Liverpool, UK
Roosh's Eye Contact Test applied to different countries
Jeune Et Jolie
Traveling to Russia for 2 weeks
in which country looks count the most and in which country girls approach the most
Bali Report
in which country are the most common 1) ons 2) club makeouts?
San Francisco
Medicine studies in eastern europe
The Best Caribbean Islands for Swooping
My South America Adventure...
Would the Jamaican cannabis World Cup in negril be a good move to make?
Beyond The Wall Datasheet - Northern MN/BWCA
Seeking Croatia Advice
The New England (USA) thread
giving advice about a place you haven't been
Foreign Date Game
Helsinki nightlife spots - what are the best currently?
Need Help filling in spots to visit in europe
Barcelona Vs Madrid during the winter?
Santa Barbara, CA Data Sheet 2014
Forum 3 Page 51

Russian 3-year tourist visa
Is Octoberfest a carousel rider's destination?
Northern Cyprus Thread
Belgrade, Serbia Datasheet
Got 8 months free--NYC v. Eastern Europe?
Does Estonia get invaded by Stag idiots during NYE?
Hotels in Chicago in October
DATA SHEET: 3 months in Barranquilla, Colombia
Shanghai Datasheet
CPH on mondays and tuesdays nights?
Anyone having information on Israel??
British Guy in USA Early October. Where?
Need some advice about EE trip next month
Czech Republic - Shaggers heaven.
Date Sheet: Toronto, Ontario, Canada
Adelaide, Australia Data Sheet
Anyone been to Barbados?
Zhytomyr - Ukraine, requesting intel
Nosara, Costa Rica - Datasheett
What city/country has a greater numbers of 9's and 10's in Europe?
Anyone know anything about Chinese Game?
Calling The USA from Abroad:  Anyone have new solutions?
Voronezh
Opinions about Lodz (clubs and  polish girls)
coffee creamer-asia, MAKRO
Moving to Downtown Toronto
Indonesia
Prague vs. Poland Longterm
[Data Sheet] Manado, Indonesia
Hongkong from a local's point of view
Travel Bounty?
NYC Cold approaching hot spots?
,,,,,,
Single guy newbie needs travel advise
European countries to avoid for Scandinavian/British looking guys.
Bangkok Nightlife - As of May 2015
whats the cheapest way to exchange currency?
Cordoba Reboot
5 days in Sofia - my observations
Lima Peru is Rocking
Forum 3 Page 52

Has anyone here ran game in Chico, California?
Scottsdale Scene
Who's Going to Toronto for the Last Roosh V World Tour Stop?
Teaching ESL in Latin America: If I Could Do It Over Again
Place with the best food
delete
Hong Kong or Los Angeles?
best place to increase your notch count
18 year olds in Western Europe
Power Trip 2014 - (Another) New York City Trip Report
Four Days and a thousand bucks, where?
What is with the hype surrounding Scandinavian girls?
Bangalore Data Sheet
choosing location for long term/retirement
Brighton UK Mini Data Sheet
Pitt's Santo Domingo (DR) datasheet
Dual citizenship from a poor country
Paterson, NJ
Colombian,Ukrainian and Spanish Women
My 2015 summer lecture tour (details & questions)
Where in Colombia?
Cartagena:  The Salsa Swoop Move
Foreign born US citizen re-acquiring birth country citizenship
Is Montreal a good place to find feminine women?
Czech(Prague) VS Poland(Poznan)
Gyms in Asia
Elabayardes black in Winnipeg a 24 hour report
Elabayarde banged Wroclaw(shout out to Roosh for Bang Poland)
Quebec: a must read for anyone going outside of Montreal
Rio de Janeiro - My report after three weeks.
How to monetize knowing more than one language?
Philippines Thread Manila Cebu
India - The Travel Guide - Part one
Travelling w/o Credit Card
Cities/Countries with good boxing gyms?
Elabayardes Black in Edmonton 24 hour bang
Relocation from Oslo - 5 cities, advice needed
Difference between Polish and English women
Travel Deals Thread
Miraflores Peru
Forum 3 Page 53

Krakow, Wroclaw and Poznan. Which is the best?
Meet the Man Who Flies Around the World for Free
Spring Break: Cancun
Datasheet - Peru - Mancora and surroundings
Bangkok/Thailand vs. Tokyo/Japan
Alaska?
*** THE BEST FOOD THREAD ***
DATA SHEET: Valencia, Spain
Best Credit Card for Frequent Flyer Miles/Rewards
Feeling more alpha and being more successful with women when abroad
The Biarritz Thread
Girls Like You Better the More Foreign You Are?
Porto, Portugal Data Sheet
My Barcelona experience
Online Business - Moving Abroad
Small Town USA Girls
My Opinion ... Baltic Countries, Ukraine, Bulgaria
Weihai - China
The Best of Southern California:  The Del Mar Racetrack
Calgary
Shangri La for ugly guys
Thai Girls on Social Media
Traveling through Central Europe
Seoul Data Sheet (Fall 2012)
Buy Registered IELTS & TOEFL, ESOL certificates without attending the Exam
Advice needed: The best countries in Europe for an Asian guy for romance and even LTR
Poznan or Wroclaw?
Grexit decision tree! Will you travel when Greece goes on sale?
Best country for easy girls in Europe?
Getting out of your stationary US job to travel
Cagliari, Sardinia Quasi Data Sheet
Jobs foreigners can get in Thailand or Vietnam
Money needed for living costs per month in each place you have stayed
Meeting Koreans in Chinese Language Programs in China?
Perfect City..What Would the Ethnic Make Up be?
Good European countries for east asian males?
Online Dating/Apps around the world
Charleston Trip Report
Where oh where in China
Cheap accomodation in Hongkong for a longer period
Forum 3 Page 54

In Toronto for the first time...
Minot, ND [Datasheet]: Land of the White Women. [Pics Inside]
Florianopolis vs Belo Horizonte November to April
2015 Thai Islands Datasheet (Koh Tao)
NYC business trip logistics.....with a dog.
Cities That "Money Talks"
Uptown Dallas Datapoint
Hong Kong or Phillipines
What's the typical Estonian look?
hey guys i am new here, we have common interests :)
Spain,definitely, the Western Pussy Paradise
Victoria, BC, Canada. Guide from a local
........,,
Savannah, Georgia
Datesheet: north coast of Dominican Republic (Cabarete, Cabrera, Nagua, Santiago)
July 4th - [DC] Foo Fighters 20th Anniversary Blowout
In what other languages does English sound good?
I've been accused of sending dick pics to an Airbnb host
Regional variations in receptivity to daytime approaches in Poland
Vietnam - Nha Trang - Mini Report
Where should I go with 5,000 dollars?
Medellin spanish school
Mistranslation - how to fuck up your game without even trying
Travel sim
Where to go for my first solo vacation second week of November?
Quick beach trip to S. Florida - WHERE?
The ultimate European summer destination (no mainstream sausage fest)
How To Get Laid In Any Country In One Week
Portugueses guy living in Ljubljana. Travel suggestions!!
Countries with the cleanest girls
East Asians are bangable; adapt your game
Clubs in London for a young guy
Israel's famously tight airport security...... Anyone ever gone through?
Alternatives to Oktoberfest?
What beaches do British or German chicks tend to frequent?
List of countries where freelancers/self-employed can live permanently
American wants to relocate EU permanently
Argentina Trip Report - Buenos Aires / Mendoza Datasheets
Moving to Brazil - Trying to Decide on a Starting City late July 2015
Black Sea Summer 2013 thread
Forum 3 Page 55

Forum 3 Page 56

Kiev 2013
Best City for game in Asia/Europe/Middle East combined
Anything Goes Thread: Travel Related
Luckystar in Sweden
In which Balkan country does she best fit?
Montreal hunting season has begun
USA East Coast Road Trip
Summer experience in Madrid, player needed
Recommendations on where to stay in Paris and Krakow
Banja Luka, Bosnia and Best Surrounding Towns
1 week vacation Eastern Europe
Which country do you consider the champion of Latin America?
Good Love Hotel in Sao Paulo
Renting a boat to sleep on off Airbnb
How Much Do You Pay For Your Apartment - Please Include Photos
American Express Global card transfer
Honduras
Prague accomodation?
Thailand peeps: best app/website to meet Chinese chicks?
Picking up J-Girls in Japan
Best white country for ass?
My first ever visit to Bangkok - My newbie experience
Top Ten Jobs If You  Love To Travel
Weird experiences while in the air
Ali-B Conquests the Dominican Republic
The Hamburg Chronicles: Aug/Dec 2014
cost of subscription to Latin dating sites online
Meeting girls and learning Russian in Lviv (Ukraine) vs Chisinau (Moldova)
rain in june/july - bangkok vs manila
Best computer for travel?
3-4 german guys in Manila - best gameplan
China's newly rich women deemed 'leftovers' at 28
Chongqing/Lijiang Trip - Brief Datasheet Report
Bored in NYC. What to do?
Your opinion about 2nd tier cities in Poland, Hungary & Slovakia
Meeting a new girl right when you were thinking it's time to leave
NYC - Upper West Side
Can US citizens please recommend a Visa service for Russia?
Black lizards in Toronto?
Buddha's Vienna Relocation Journal
Forum 3 Page 57

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Bang Poland reviews
August/September Travel. Where to improve game?
Moving to United Kingdom,Finding the Right Place to Live
Kitakyushu  (Japan) Datasheet, June 2016
Is Japan a poosy paradise?
Iceland Datasheet
How important is beyond basic spanish in South America?
Apartment Rental Sites Compared
Plymouth or Exeter UK
Rent a white guy in China
Budapest Diary
Moving to NY for 1+ months to job-hunt and game?
Edinburgh Data Sheet 2015
Where can I find girls like this
Planning a Euro trip based on WWI themes
What is the impact of Brexit on gaming chicks in the UK?
The Path Still Pretty Unbeaten Even in Thailand's 2nd/ 3rd Tier Cities...
1 month in Saint Petersburg, Russia
Romania, Brasov - Report
Is Fortaleza and Florianapolos worth it 2016
NoEU's Ukraine Relocation Journal
Japanese women
Keeping your old phone number for two factor authentications
Where to stay in Chicago?
Macedonia - Skopje/Ohrid datasheet
Germany vs Austria
What types of residence count towards acquiring a European country's citizenship?
Manaus Datasheet 2012
Summer 2016 Beach Destination Master Thread
Guide to Screening Filipinas for LTR Material
Great Cheap Euro Spots for Summer?
The Montreal thread
Thirstcheck: Germany versus the UK
Robbed in Cali Colombia
Azerbaijan - anybody with experience there?
Anyone travel with big(30"+) monitor ?
Tallinn, Estonia - The Secrets Beneath
Observations in San Francisco
Roommate in Medellin, Colombia
Shipping Containers for moving to UK
Forum 3 Page 58

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Mid Tier Uruguay?
South America without the white god factor?
Our Travel Podcast is Here
Vilnius Lithuania - Quality over Quan titty
The country of alpha males
Data Sheet: Bucharest
Liquor banned, bars/clubs shut-down in Philippines
Toronto vs Montreal
How to Plan a Trip to South America
What is the Philippines of South America?
Caractacus Conquers the Canal Zone-My week in Panama City Part 1
BGM 3: The Siege of Saigon
Where in the world can I get a decent piece of real estate for 15,000 USD?
Hong Kong & Guangzhou
Is this a good foreign business idea or totally stupid?
Zurich, Switzerland
Data Sheet: Hamburg, Germany
Heading down to mexico after break up.
North America trip
THC in LATIN AMERICA: Brazil, Colombia, et al.
Which country to bang girls?
One Way International Flights - Return Flight Required Dilemma - Method?
New York & Las Vegas - accommodation
Lyon, France (Data Sheet)
Birthright (Taglit) Israel Data Sheet: Bang JAPs and Go to EE on the Cheap
Gaming Turkish Girls in Austria or Germany
Missoula Montana data sheet
Gentlemen anyone with LTR or wife in Taiwan and solid experience ?
Bali - Nightlife 2016
Where can girls with traditional (patriarchal) values be found?
Immigrating to Israel As A Gentile?
Grenoble, France city review
GERMANY Datasheet From a Dark guys Perspective + Self Introduction
Moving to the US - New Jersey - Advice needed
Accessing Netflix US from outside US
Countries where Bartender Jobs are easy to get and Pays well
Dominican Republic Trip Report January 2015
10 days in Krakow datasheet
Houston, TX - Datasheet
Poland: Long, Detailed Datasheet 2016
Forum 3 Page 59

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Centurion's City Centre Coffeeshop Crusades (Auckland, NZ)
Books Similar to Neil/Naughty Nomad/English Teacher X/Etc.?
AirAsia launches its ASEAN pass
Once Upon A Time In France - Master Thread
Rejoice, RVF Expats, Real-Time Voice-Translation Is Here
Where to party on weeknights in Reykjavik, Iceland
Move to montreal or stay in ottawa ?
Country with thinnest girls?
Göteborg vs Stockholm?
Trip Report: Oaxaca, Mexico
Asian destination for an odd pair
Vice Links Up With Black Dude In Moscow
French Girls
Cuba - Is there a way to get Internet?
The Estonia thread
What is the most efficient way to escalate Japanese girls in Tokyo?
Prep Checklist/Travel Checklist - 1 Month+
Does it really matter what ethncity you are when you date in a country overseas?
Hanoi job offer and relocation or stay in W-Europe?
Suit up for Montreal ?
Malaria prophylaxis options
Philippines is the worst country i've ever visited...
Is quality overwhelmingly location dependent?
Anybody have any experience with the deep south of spain?
Africa vs. DR vs. Brazil
Online Skype Language Lessons (Spanish)
Traveling with protein powder and supplements
India
Kiev Datasheet August 2013
The game has changed for language barriers: The Pilot
50 most dangerous cities in the world
EU work permit (urgent)
The Wroclaw Gambit II: Dzięki Bogu
Budapest clubs ?
Best place in russia to game women like this (HBB 9's)
Possible relocation from Paris to London
Is a week in LA too long?
10 Best Cities For High Heels Hotties........
Which of the following has the least Westernized women?
location for first timer
Forum 3 Page 60

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Russian men looking for Western women
How do i bring girls back to an all inclusive resort?
Where To Stay In Stockholm, Sweden?
Data sheet. La paz - Bolivia
Rio vs Cartagena
Any Long-Distance Hikers Here?
What Broadband Access Can Do
Lima, Ecuador, DR or Back to Brazil?
Land to settle in Russia
My Trip To Bangkok July 2015
The Colombia diaries
Solo trip to the US- any advice fellas?
Lafayette, Louisiana Datasheet
Return to the Dominican Republic
Data Sheet for San Miguel de Tucuman, 3rd tier Argentine City
Advice on Spending a Summer in France
Old school type of women in Russia?
Black American guys going to Brazil for sex
Pipelining Georgia/Armenia
Banff, Alberta, Canada: datasheet
IRS may revoke passport of those who owe $50k
You're not a 10! says US State Dept
RVF Big Guns Meetup #2 April 2016 - Manila
Chinese police begin patrolling streets in Rome
Essential apps for gaming girls abroad
The best sea places for sex in Europe
Medellin Datasheet - 4 weeks
Big city, poor girls, logistics (SA)
Best looking girls in SEA
Anyone ever do any volunteer trips abroad?
Question on tourist Visa's to the US..
Any suggestions on where to travel in June in South/Central America?
Datasheet: Halifax, Canada
Job in Berlin, weekends in Poznan?
Arab Women
Dakar, Senegal Datasheet
Tatar Girls: Can anyone give insights?
The Art of Travelling Solo ¿How was your experience?
Daygame in Manila Philippines?
Turda, Romania?
Forum 3 Page 61

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Women of the World - A statistical approach
Travel Suggestions for Nov/Dec in U.S
Exhaustive India Travel Datasheet
Travel to Build Character - a Few Recommendations
[Datasheet] Southampton, UK
Where to live in NYC?
Penzance or St. Ives?
Atlanta : Data Sheet
Average Age Women's Lost Virginity By Country (For Us Moralist Players)
What countries are best for threesomes?
Exotic scuba trips?
No not another Medellin data sheet.  A buying an apartment in Medellin data sheet
The Sailing Thread
Nomads, what are your social lives like?
Sukhothai datasheet - Thailand
Dilemma planning summer eurojaunt
Ryanair To Launch Service Between US and Europe. $14 Introductory Fare.
What scared Ukraine's "Sex tourists" away?
What about Lublin, Poland
Seeking some info on Russian courses and the visa process for Minsk
Where to go in December to lose virginity
Sierra Leone Datasheet
Travel Arbitrage (Smuggling)
No More Anonymous Cell Phone Numbers in Poland
Countries and cities for introverted guys
Vilnius, Lithuania 2016 Datasheet
Lviv, Ukraine Datasheet (July 2014)
If you had to choose just one city ?
Tijuana
2 months in Buenos Aires - Logistics
Gran Canaria
What Travel Can And Can’t Give A Man
Peru game
Your Top 10 Travel Pickup Locations
Traveling with Medical Marijuana
Solution for our luggage in Paris
Student cities of ukraine?
London's Nightclub (Fabric) Closed Indefinitely
Los Angeles vs everywhere else
Canadian Co-worker Bad-Mouthing Me To Other Students
Forum 3 Page 62

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
How to get a Brazilian sim card and mobile internet in 2016
Brazil Going downhill
Berlin Techno Clubs
Online game in Netherlands and Western europe
Best time to visit poland and odessa this summer
North Coast of Colombia Datasheet (Barranquilla, Santa Marta, Cartagena)
EU may require visas from Americans and Canadians
Any info on gypsy girls in EE
Clickable Map with datasheets?
YOU are not the ONLY AMERICANS!
Thai girls from Okcupid
Cheap&easy city in France
Learning language from a business perspective
Buenos Aires Argentina 2015, Living The Good Life With The American Dollar
First vacation.  Going solo.  Need tips.
Norway - Free/Low Cost Education/University Thread
Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Georgia
Best travel destination for September
Gatlinburg, Tennessee Data Sheet
Surfing Thread
Iceland ruined? U.S. military now deployed there
Australia Trip
Study Abroad feedback requested: Vienna + Hong Kong
Best city in the uk on tuesday and wednesday
Brodiaga in Indonesia
Best places in the world for grinding/perreo?
Travel Report - San Jose, Costa Rica
Thoughts on Spain
Current Vietnam Visa Situation
Inexpensive Flights
Newfoundland Data Sheet: "The Next Iceland"
The Conquistidors of Clearwater
Cusco with another view
Slovakia
Envigado/Medellin
June/July travel - Live in Europe or SA? work.
2 Years of Intermittent Travel - My Observations
Intel on Dakar/ Senegal?
Is Montreal still worth a visit in 2016?
USA or Germany?
Forum 3 Page 63

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Where to live under 1500$ as a middle class?
Renting a car and accident.
Any intel on Western Ukraine?
Best country in SEA during Low Season and Shoulder season
The Guest Policy In Hotels Worldwide Thread
Dubai - Destroying the Myths
Chasing Asian Dimes in HK/Boracay/Elsewhere in a week
Albany, New York Data Sheet
Reykjavik, Iceland - My 11 night venture
37 Cities Summarized - 2 Years of Travel & Game
Thailand - Dec 2015/NYE Mini datasheet/1 month trip report
Asia, Eastern Europe ... where to settle
Brasilia, Brazil
Service that stores luggage and sends it whenever and wherever I need it??
How do I open a foreign bank account while stateside?
Miami for a week
How to set up your phone and laptop for travel
NYC suburbs to live?
Phoenix Scene?
South By Southwest: The Greatest Party You've Never Been To (Austin, Texas)
Where to work from for a month or two?
Cape Town, RSA - April/May
Thailand VS the Philippines
Extra bedroom in Medellin, Colombia
Penpal as a pipelining tool
Summer Eurotrip 2016
Chinese Husband Refuses To Admit That He's Married To A But-her-face American
2016: Where Are You Going?
Amusement Parks (roller coasters)
Brazil or Costa Rica for 10 days?
Renting accommodation in Cartagena?
Shanghai must-do's
Buffalo, NY
Moving to either Buffalo, NY or West Palm Beach, FL
Cost of living in Eastern European Cities (numbeo)
Which do you think is the best city of Europe to live?
Addis Ababa Ethiopia 2014 trip
Mazatlan, Mexico Data Sheet
Thai language - common phrases
What Makes A Great AirBnB / Short Term Rental?
Forum 3 Page 64

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
What Makes A Great AirBnB / Short Term Rental?
Live in SF for FOB chicks and commute to SV?
Thirstometer by country
Where to relocate in eastern europe
Bring girls to apartments in Saigon
Which Russian speaking country should I visit?
US city with the best ratio of low cost to hot women count
Sudbury, Ontario datasheet
I have 1 week: Montreal, Lima, São Paulo, Bogota?
Bogota - How dangerous is it?
Best East European destinations within the EU for summer time
Medellin - are they supposed to be this clingy?
The cons of dating a Ukrainian women
Want To Live in Medellin? Work With Our Start-up.
Places/ Plan for sarging SE Asia.
Tampa vs. Atlanta
Watching TV While Traveling
Worst areas to game in the US
Bangkok/Phuket in April
DATASHEET: Utrecht - underrated student city in Netherlands and trip report.
How to deal with lost cash and credit cards when traveling
Any advice on getting laid in Poland?
LA vs Miami vs Vegas
Packing like a Pro for traveling
Brodiaga in China
Flores and Komodo Island, Indonesia
New York vs California girls
Lima on Wednesday
Manizales: Reflections
Moving to NYC on ~70k salary
Sikkim, India Report
International Wingmen .. to travel is to live.
Learning to converse in a foreign language within a month
London Underground vs Overground
(Datasheet) How to travel the world without paying bank fees – for UK citizens
Vietnam Motorbike Tour – Hanoi to Saigon (Ho Chi Minh City)
Why is divorce rate high in Russia and Brazil?
Barzilian women's beauty overrated?
Traveling gets old??
Datasheet: Cali, Colombia
Forum 3 Page 65

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
EE beta chart??
Mediterranean women
The Myth About the Russian Divorce Rate
SXSW 2016
Leaving Car in United States for 1-6 Month Trip
Moving to Austin, TX in a week
@NaughtyNomad and other experienced pipeliners...
Budapest vs Krakow (or Prague)??
Busted Dudes Test Revisited
Has anyone moved from Canada to the US?
Zika Virus Outbreak
Booking hotel in Belarus advice
Costa Rica or Eastern Europe (Poland/Ukraine etc)
Filtering out ladyboys and prostitutes
Quality of Life: Los Angeles vs NYC
Indonesia
The Jerusalem Story
JAS does Mexico City (District Federal) and Acapulco
Madrid, 2nd Tier City in Taiwan or Stay in the USA
Aussie heading to Cali
Phillipines: cheap island with nightlife, cheap, beach
AndThenDime aka Oil Spills does Colombia
Short vacation to EE - What country?
Dubai accommodations
What are the best countries for Brazilians?
Going to Study in EE - Latvia, Estonia or Lithuania
Datasheet: Syracuse, New York
Joao Pessoa data sheet
Daytime travel openers
Philippines Journal-Diary of a Noob (Metro Manila)
Datasheet: Chengdu, China
Promoting in NYC to game the foreign model ladies
One of the best indian travel destination
Portuguese language section
Tampa area or 2nd tier cities down south
Toronto Meetup - Just Curious, Are We Doing Anything Illegal
Best town in Norway during the winter
Cali, Colombia - few questions for you pros
Kampala, Uganda  Datasheet
Cascavel, Parana, Brazil
Forum 3 Page 66

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Half-blood paradise in SEA
Visiting Asia for the first time
Potentially Relocating to Poland - advice welcome
Koh Lanta, Thailand - Data sheet
Pipelining Hard on ColombianCupid
The BEST Credit and Debit Cards for International Travel (Comprehensive List)
Advice needed: Going to the Philippines
The Revolut card and Brazil
Where would you go?
Iceland logistics
How to stay anonymous while traveling (In Phils, but relevant all places)
Best Possible Study Abroad Programs
Lund, Sweden - Worth visiting?
Bang Germany
Toronto Datasheet
Best countries to live comfortably on 1,500 USD or less per month?
Bogota Virgin
Best south european country for north european looking guy?
Best place in China to game?
RVF Siberian Meet Up: Autumn 2013
delete
Help me organize my travel route
Bogota Virgin
Inventor Presents ‘Detachable Cabin’ Concept to Minimize Deaths in Airplane Crashes
Cedonulli's Cambodian Site Password Protected - Anyone Know How to Access it?
Ideas For Working Vacation
In which countries do girls still initiate interest in public?
Free until early March - where would you go (SA, EE)?
Rules of the flag hunting
Northern Minas Gerais (Brazil): Great Place, Great Wing
Training camps in Thailand
Foreign Earned Income Exclusion: Bona Fide Residence Test
EE/FSU city during late June and July
The Latvia thread
How Many Boyfriends Can A Nigerian Girl Have?
Reflections on a Recent Trip to Russia
Berlin Winter 2015 data sheet
Santo Domingo Vs Medellin
Bucharest v Sofia for long weekend
Cost of Living in San Francisco
Forum 3 Page 67

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Need detailed advice on Florida chicks (for a Brit)
Christmas in Brazil (or any other catholic country)
Opening a Bar in Poland
NorthFace Video - The Great Siberian Traverse
DR - Samana
The G Manifesto's Riga, Latvia Data Sheets
PERU by a peruvian
Why girls in Medellín ask for cab fare
Is there a way to avoid getting a visa for South Africa?
Metro Vancouver! What do you like, what do you hate about it?
In what countries pipelining is necessary
Life of Military Helicopter Pilots
Playing with fire: Going to Semi-Pussy Paradise For First Big Trip too intense?
Sao Paulo, Brazil - 2014 Night Club Datasheet
Sao Paulo Datasheet April 2015 and June 2015
In What Cities or Countries are one night stands the norm?
Traveler's Dilemma: More Places or Longer Stays
Murder Map
British Guys traveling to small town USA College towns and cleaning up big
Hvar Croatia Datasheet
Manila - Places to go out
Turkey
Bavaria/Munich in winter
SEA suggestions for starting with a big change?
First Time - Prague, Budapest
germany easy place
Work as a salesman in foreign countries
After reading various datasheets i decided to go to...
Peru: studying spanish and banging mediocre chicks
Exchange semester in south america?
International Wingmen .. to travel is to live.
5 street-things you MUST do when in Hanoi
Ruble falls to 5 year low against USD today
Delta Companion Pass, Anyone have one?
Vietnam or Philippines for honeymoon
Guadalajara vs Puerto Vallarta
Datasheet Bratislava + Trnava, Slovakia
How do I prevent or deal with police extortion in Thailand or Philly?
Making 6 figures in FL?
Launceston, Tasmania, Australia
Forum 3 Page 68

Small company application guide
Redheads--Where Do I Find Them?
Best cities in America for Busty blondes?
Turkish women..one of the most beautiful of the world?
Jakarta, 4 day field report
How to prevent girls from finding out your real name
Just Returned From India
Just Landed In Ecuador
The NLN Principle
Best Us Cities for Black Men to Date Interracially?
Short term AirBnB and Sex. All systems go?
How to travel with a girl?
Buenos Aires, the blueballs chronicles
Travel Sex Life blog
International Sport Fishing Thread
Capitals, empires and hot women
Meeting women in NYC (Aside from Tinder or bars/clubs)
Cross-country business opportunities in Asia
What's your best and worst hostel experience?
The Swedish Game Thread
Rate my EE Trip
Is Ukraine/Russia a waste of time for Non-white men (esepcially black men)
Ireland Vacation
Where should I have my exchange semester? need advice
(ERs) Emergency rooms in other countries?
Nha Trang Guest Friendly Accomodation Help
Canada helps end half-century U.S. embargo against Cuba
Dubai , UAE
Western/Eastern Europe for winter break?
How much to fly from US to Bhutan?
Where to game Jan-Feb in Europe
2015 - Ukraine VS Poland
What did they do wrong? the US, Australia, Canada and the UK societies...
Montego Bay, Jamaica 29 December to 6th Januart
London or Amsterdam
The Montevideo Experience
Chile Entrepreneurs
Tokyo adventures
Travel Ideas for 2000$
Paypal for buying airline tickets
Forum 3 Page 69

Tampa
Data Sheet Grand Forks/East Grand Forks (Hell Froze Over)
presidentcarter moves to Moscow
Pictorial Data Sheet : Central / Eastern Europe
Have you ever banged a language exchange partner?
Anyone been to Kiruna, Sweden? Aurora Borealis Related.
American spring break 2015
Help Me Make My First Location Independent Move To SE Asia
Where to go in Berlin
Medellin almost impossible for foreigners
Indians hitting on girls labeled "molesters" for daygame - is India that prudish?
Davao Datasheet July 2014 Report
Barcelona  December 14-28th
Solo travel (Poland)
Travelling alone without something specific to do at the destination
Are the good times over in Poznan Poland?
I Want Out - subreddit
Picking a city in Brazil or Mexico
Resources to learn Russian
Best Travel Destination For 2012
interesting
Miami: A Different Perspective
Where should a French Caribbean go ?
Ideas for how to play a $70k remote gig
Best places in New York to get laid
Rental Car Horror with Enterprise - Need Advice
Is There Any Reason To Contact An Embassy Or Consulate For A Non-Emergency?
Suggestions for December travel for USA folks
San Pedro / San Jose, Costa Rica Data Sheet
Best place in Colombia during NYE/Jan?
Making money in Poland
Scandinavia - "it depends"
Foreign brides
Places in Asia to buy bulk products
Eastern European women vs Asian women
Best country for tits (probably NSFW)
Suggestions on where to go in Jan/Feb
Bringing your low class side piece among your upper crust friends while abroad
How does the location independent get a US Travel Visa
Los Angeles solo
Forum 3 Page 70

Miami and Fort Lauderdale: Brief Trip Report
Why Polish Women are better than Romanian
Wroclaw Report
Where can I find Black girls like this?
Where is everyone going for NYE?
NFL Football & NCAA Football in Davao, Philippines
Regarding airline tickets, will this work?
Why are Spanish women frigid while Latin American women are more sexual
EGYPT!
NYE 2014: Looking for Recommendations
What are Good Notch Numbers in each Country.
Orlando, FL. Downtown Trip Report
Nightclubbing tips - Poland
World Map of Best Ass by Country
Best country for 30 something women?
Swedish Nightclubs vs British Nightclubs
Lifestyle/Cost of living in Poland
Tripr App
Ukraine for 2 or 3 months- Questions
I think Ukraine is not for me
Should I buy an unlimited stand-by yearly flight pass?
International health insurance for travelers
Top ten most most powerful pasports in the world
Hawaiian Datasheet
The World's Lowest Cost of Living for Retirement
Going to Brazil
Stockholm a progressive review and data sheet by elabayarde
Stockholm, Sweden
South Korea 10 days trip
Where to visit in Poland?
NYC on $30,000 a year?
Foreign big butts in Poland
Do you give up the 18 to 21s to live in a better country?
San diego
London or Sao Paulo?
The foreign daygame She-Approached-Me-First thread
Best party spots in london Thur/Fri/Sat?
Thailand and/or other countries with cheap but good healthcare
Travel Food Thread
73% of American expats want to give up their passport
Forum 3 Page 71

Nightmare mode game in the toughest countries for men
Balkan Wanderings
El Paso / Fort Bliss area
East Village/NYC - Cheaper places to eat and drink please?
Buenos Aires - Where do you keep your USD ?
Thailand Dezember
A Trick to Find Good Venues with Yelp
UK Summer Scene
Working on my Ukraine refugee game
SourceCode's Northern Italy Trip Report.-Venice to Florence
Argentina pushed into second default
Stockholm
Work in the West...Evacuate to the East?
N.Arlington, VA bar scene
PSA: I pulled a massive tapeworm out of myself
Perth Australia - Summary
Romania, Hungary, or Moldova?
A book: How to marry a Finnish girl
Second Tier Cities
Fun places in SEA for New Year
Bucharest, Romania
The next Iceland, except better with easier girls!
Best country/city to get results with internet game
Which countries/ cultures would you prefer romantically and why?
Banging agency-represented fashion models
Where Do I Move? 21 Years Old, Self Employed
Tel Aviv, Israel Datasheet and the reasons why I'm leaving
The average woman country by country report
Ideal Looks For Each Country Collection
Who are the most dramatic women?
Best countries with a low percentage of men who lift/with little 'fitness' culture?
Men of a Certain Age
Spoiled by sex tourism thread
Traveling to Europe solo (with Tinder)
Best Apps for Finding Girls in Poland ?
Costa Rica trip in August.
Project Getaway in Bali
Oslo impressions
Funny warning about eager women in Vietnam
Pacsafe anti-theft device
Forum 3 Page 72

Freelance Worskshops in Tourist Destinations - Fair Price?
Val thorens or val d'isere for New Years
Haunted lodgings : Stay or avoid?
Luggage Data Sheet
Reykjavik, Paris, Barcelona Trip Report
New ferry line to link Colombia and Panama
America's Eight Commandments for Gaming Latinas
Kiev's Center vs Suburbs
If You were a Rock Star where would you live?
Countries where it makes more sense to rent than buy
CapeTown vs Budapest
El Conquistador breaks free of corporate slavery - heading to the Dominican Republic
Does having a nice car helps with girls in E Europe?
What Cities in China for Black Guys?
SW France Spain Surf in Sept
After Czech Republic: Poland, Hungary or Romania?
Czech girls VS Nordic girls
Cheap accomodation in Czech Republic
What countries are the mediterranean/north african type exotic and attractive?
Alanya (Turkey) in one picture
Returned from almost a year in SA
A Night in a Small Czech Town
Frankfurt nightlife
Togo, Africa. Datasheet
Jobs in Poland
6 Months -  Brazil v. Colombia v. Domincan Republic
Nicaragua: A Country for Old Men
Introducing Myself
Warsaw spots for Wednesday night (+my notes from tuesday)?
what countries are best 'matches' to each other...sexually
Valencia (Spain) Data Sheet
Studying in America or Canada
Studying Abroad
How to get a CPF number in Brazil
Hostal vs hostel in Madrid
Mexico or Colombia?
Poland and/or Hungary + Greetings! (my first post)
Best value/quality/cost of living for 3 months in Central or South America
Chelsea: The Overlooked NYC Neighborhood By Players
Underwhelming travelling experiences
Forum 3 Page 73

Best country for 'Snow White' type girls?
Governments warning their citizens about traveling in the United States
Expat Insider '14 survey - global data
Rich Kids Of Tehran instagram
How easy is it to find these prescription drugs OTC in Mexico?
Mexico City...first thoughts
Guitar luthiers in the Philippines?
Aspen Colorado Datasheet
Phi phi Hotels and Nightlife?
Backpacking w/ $600 Dallas > San Diego > San Francisco > Olympia, WA > Dallas
How Russia's gender imbalance changes the dynamics of dating
Orlando?
Romanian conquests
Taichung, Taiwan ( Datasheet )
Best Countries for Friendship
Pics of Polish Ass etc in Wrocław - March 2014
Transiting through Middle East airport?
Erbil, Iraq data
Davao City Apr2014 - Truths and Lies abaut Davao / Report+Guide [pics + vids]
My meeting with Greek Kamaki did not go well
World record of flags
Algeria
SEA to Colombia and few other questions about C
Moving to NYC
Want to experience a 94-1 ratio next weekend?
Florida (orlando/miami)
Airplane passenger rudeness:  on the rise?
One week in Poland, which cities will you go to and when?
Living in the Gulf and learning Arabic
New Posting: Hong Kong?
Ronaldinho admits that he signed with a club in Mexico to bag Mexican girls!
Choche needs advice about 2 months in E. Europe
World's Leading Island Destination 2011
Best EE/Russian city for the winter months?
Does any country come close to Philippines for #?
Glasgow Datasheet (Very Comprehensive)
Why won't Middle Easterner's do well in Europe
Mulattas in Cali Colombia
LA to DC
sailboat yacht cruise
Forum 3 Page 74

Any European cities worth checking out for Halloween?
Africa 2014: need tips and travel suggestions
China, Malaysia or South Korea?
Goa, India Datasheet
International Flight Question
Sourcecode's Cluj Report and datasheet
Brazilian Jiu Jitsu + Great Nightlife + Cheap Living?
India preparing to troll Mars
One Way Ticket To Mars
Oslo, Norway Data Sheet
What's the best Travel WALLET?
Any Hungarian speaker who can translate please?
Best place to relocation?
Going to Colombia on Wednesday September 24th! Help needed!
Travel Memoir - Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic
Countries in which being a foreigner is a noticeable minus
Use the Corruption Perception Index to predict how well a country will work for game
Croatia - Black Man's Disneyland
Pipelining Service for RVF Members
mexico is dangerous?
The Manaus and Barranquilla Dilemma
Is working in SW Germany realistic if you are EU citizen but can't speak German?
A Helsinki Story
Have Simps Ruined Rio?
Hawaii Local Boys-no more Byron's-where to eat?
The Ultimate Guide to Belgrade Women
Bangalore trip report
Ukrainian women: sperm receptacles or wives?
Worlds Happiest Country Now Panama
Best place for eastern european girls during winter
H. Casanova's 36 Hours in Mexico City Data Sheet
Milan (Italy) datasheet
Eastern European Men/Lady School
Luggage for the Global Nomad
Mactan Island
DC to Philly
Boca Del Toro : Panama (Is this the best kept secret on the travel forum?)
Place to find attractive foreign women in the US
Eastern Europe January 5-13th
Alaska!. "the rape capital of the U.S"
Forum 3 Page 75

Question for NYC guys
What millions of Identity Thefts hapenned while travelling, all have in common
Cuba for new year
Meditation Retreats
3 weeks to play with in Central America. Any thoughts?
International Internet Problems--Tips, Tricks, Fixes
Any Brazilian's can tell me anything about Cabo Frio?
Stockholm data sheet 2014
Taipei vs Manila
The 18 to 21 Test
Essentials for a Road Trip
Datasheet : Guam
Macau
Help me choose between my winter options: Granada (Spain) , SEA or EE
Is Night Game Dead In NYC?
Rio and Sao Paulo hotels and neighborhoods, advice.
Anyone in Manila right now? Hot girl looking for guy
Philippines vs. Colombia
Power trip Montreal 2014 - Data sheet & trip report
Where? 2/3 or 4 wk (mid Sept '14) in Central America/ Caribbean w reliable internet?
San Jose Costa Rica Data Sheet
Which is the best type of game for FSU girls?: asshole game or nice guy game? + story
Greek Islands Thread
Choice: Hongkong, Singapore, Kuala Lumpur?
Another 30 days in Europe
ZoukOut - Anyone been?
What do you do during the week when you're in a rundown 3rd world city?
A week to play with in November
Prep for Spring / Summer - NYC edition
Black in Mexico. 24 hours in Tiajuana Mexico during a week day (Report)
The Finger Lakes region (minisheet)
Any kiteboarders?
Scandinavian girls vs Eastern Euros
Geoarbitrage or Where Should YOU Be Living?
Katowice Poland mini datasheet
Have you fallen in love with a city?
New worries about ID theft via banks like Chase?
Daggers for Whistles
Are there still expeditions?
DR VS Phillipines For Long Term Relationships
Forum 3 Page 76

St. John's Newfoundland Datasheet
Sao Paulo - Sep 4 / Sep 8
2.5 week tour of Phnom Penh, Ho Chi Minh, Phuket & Bangkok
Buenos Aires, Paris, or Shanghai for one year?
Where are the Au Pairs in NYC?
17yo - Reykjavik, Iceland and the quest for poon
How is Santa Fe as a place to game and live?
The Dominican Republic. A Cautionary Tale?
NYC tonight
Complete Crete Datasheet
The Bang Stories Breakdown Thread
The ultimate poosy paradise
hottest girl in Rio is Polish
Yahoo! discovers Poosy Paradise in Brazil??
Demographics and the future pussy paradises
NYE 2014: Hawaii, St Petersburg, Poland/berlin?
One year to slow travel Europe - feedback? And pics of some Nebraskan ladies.
Labor Day weekend destinations?
Hong Kong -HK$100 Ridiculous Airfare Sale - Fanfares Cathay Pacific
Weekend trip to Lviv report
Which country has the bustiest natural women?
Blonde Ambition - Copenhagen
Graduation Trip
Canadian vs American exotic factor
New Carry On
Advice for Balkans in September?
Fewest power adapter/chargers - what do you do?
Where Is This In Russia?
Meeting people in Canada - The unfriendly male
language barrier
Apartment Sharing In Bogota
French Riviera
Antalya, Turkey
Anybody have tips for the San Antonio Area?
Buenos Aires Discos: Mission impossible?
What are some things I should know before moving to California?
Thai Girls or Filipinas - What is Better?
DATA: Stockholm, Sweden
Vladivostok question
Data sheet: Cluj Napoca, Romania
Forum 3 Page 77

Transiberian railway video series
El Salvador vs. the rest of Central America
Unlocking phones in Canada (and general I guess)
Caracas, San Jose or Managua for a week?
Most Touristy Countries
Hello Tampa, Goodbye DC
Charleston South Carolina Any Tips?
Bringing Ukraine Girl to U.S.
Datasheet: Martha's Vineyard
What's the Best City on the Mediterranean for Pussy?
Pulling the Trigger: Learning Russian in Riga
Teaching English in Bogota, Colombia
Guatemala/El Salvador Backpacking Datasheet
Argentina loses final US appeal on its Debt - Cheap Travel Opportunity?
Game on Serbian and Hungarian Women
Melbourne, Australia or Manhattan (NYC) -- as a graduate student?
British guys in America
The only decent place to game young women in Denver:  University of Denver
Best US Regions for Interracial Dating?
How I quit my job to travel: The banker
(Pictures) Poverty, prostitutes, and the long, slow death of the Soviet Union
South American girls and hangups about sex
Resorts in Turkey, Greece, Bulgaria for pulling Russian/EE chicks
women create sex colonies in greece!
_Cicero's Moscow Data Sheet
Greek Kamaki- Colossi of Love
Cock Carousel Map
I want to live somewhere in Asia for the F of it.
8 day trip - Romania or Poland/Czech?
The Tokyo Street Thread
Seoul Report 2014
Colombia Moda 2014
KCON 2014 Los Angeles
Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic - Nightlife & Best Spot to Stay?
Summer in EE/Scandinavia: are the hot locals away traveling?
3 questions to Gdasnk / Sopot
Which place is good For Romantic Honeymoon..
Moving to Raleigh-Duram - Where to Live??
Fisto Invades Southeast Asia (Starting in BKK) Part II
Enter "The Grid" - Dynamic Ratings System project
Forum 3 Page 78

Mallorca: Free drinks for blowjobs program
Austin Texas Recommendations
Uni Jobs in Asia
Tourist Killed Website
Top club spots in Rio
Which FSU city for the summer?
trip together .com
Argentina might default on debt again.....
furnished apartments in rio
Dude returns to America from Russia
Consulting/contracting work in Germany for an American?
40 pretty sweet travel tips
Getting 'free' accommodation when having a long wait for a connecting flight
Manchester UK Data Sheet
How to Speak English to Non-Native Speakers
Birthday Travel
Paralia Katerini datasheet and photos slavic women heaven
First time traveling for notches in Asia (25 year old looking for advice from vets!!)
ID regulations/Alcohol laws in Dubai
Gulf states info questions
Baga travels around the world for 1 year
Is Sweden Really So Bad? This Make Me Think North America Is Worse
Spanish negging / joking / flirting
Where go east european girls on summer vacation?
Aging East Coast VS West Coast Women
How Do Americans Sound Like When Speaking Your Language?
Suggestions needed for Kiev daygame spots and night venues
Rude border customs patrol agents
Countries that are the biggest fuck-fests in the world by region
New york or Moscow ?
Israel multi-city overview
Cooking for yourself (travel)
Making money abroad
Northern lights trip
EE v SEA some advice needed
Real Russia Vlog
New to gaming and need info on SE Asia
cheap room in Westchester County
1 month SEA trip-suggestions welcome
Recommendation on where to go for the weekend (Europe)
Forum 3 Page 79

The Part of Expatriation We Don't Discuss
Colombia gets its first Starbucks
Populations shrinking last decade-ALL ex-communist & East European?
Chinese city in quarantine after bubonic plague death case
Anyone know Brno (Czech Republic)??
Shallow WNB makes dumb video about couchsurfing
Broke guy weight loss diet
Top 5 Happiest Cities in USA Are in Louisiana
Best destinations for new travelers? (How To Plan a Balling Trip)
Long trip report: 3 months in South America
Algeria Thread
Ostrava or Brno?
Concerning Pristina
Wow, AIRBNB host gets hosed
Sleeping on rooftops worldwide
American adventurer murdered in Mexico
Corpus Christi July 24-26
Standard Data Sheet - Asuncion - Paraguay
Where Do Russian Girls Vacation In The Winter Months?
Does a cold winter climate hurt your game?
Members who serve as your conforming and contrarian travel indicators
dress code Jakarta
Guangzhou, China
Foreign Wings and Cockblockers
Good places to roll Solo in NYC?
General impressions of Poland
Milan, Italy - Datasheet
Costa Rica-Osa Peninsula Datasheet
Rhodes, Greece
Best Music Festivals Overseas
Kazantip 2014 in Georgia
Permanent residence / citizenship in EU?
Phnom Penh, Cambodia datasheet
Budapest datasheet 2013  nightlife
Brainstorming ideas to get perks of a "centrally located apartment" for cheap (in DC)
Hotel Charging me for damages which I did not cause!
World cheat sheet - Photos Thread
St Petersburg, Russia
Air Asia Anyone?
Internationplayboy Does Dominican Republic
Forum 3 Page 80

Calgary Stampede 2014
Sydney Data Sheet
Beyond Borders Hits 4000 posts
Lake Balaton Sound Festival - Hungary 10-13 July 2014
Frankfurt - Any thoughts/experience?
Working 1 month from Latin America: can/should I do it?
Salvador, Bahia in Depth
Cities to Live In (with oil and gas work)
Eastern Europe trip 1 - Warsaw
Difference Between Brazilian and American Women
Brazilian women celebrate WCup bonanza of men
College graduate needs advice on best places in world to travel to
Information on Orenburg, Russia?
Czech Republic or Poland? 6 days trip
First hand witness of men gearing to leave US
Negril, Jamaica (all inclusive resorts)
What is the best country in South America for Teaching English and getting pussy?
Best Country for Older Guys w/ Significantly Younger Girls
Ukrainian Women: An Intriguing Article
Cobra's "Chicagoland" Data Sheet (Local)
36 hours in Torun, Poland (July 2014)
Guys whov'e been: Baltics or Scandinavia for game?
E-Mail Order Bride Documentary: Guys meeting girls in Russia
Danish Girls
How much money needed - New guy needs basic summary
Best country for LTR/Marriage
Munich, Germany: Black/Latin and persian women
Honestly, do you even need to try to get pussy
Italian Game
Denton, Texas
Armenia, Data Sheet – The Argentina of the FSU
Tallinn
Travelling to Zurich/Copenhagen Datasheet
Paskambyk - Lithuanian translation?
What 4 Passports Would You Choose If You Could Have Any?
Need 2+ yrs residency in Schengen zone? Are you American with $6000? Then try DAFT!
4th of July in Miami
Mission to Moscow
2014 Brazil World Cup Match Schedule and Locations
Considering Moving To NYC In The Fall: Suggestions Needed
Forum 3 Page 81

One Day/Night in London
Doing Medellin solo
Euro Bang Mission-What Would Roosh Do?
Building your network before you arrive in a foreign city
Boston--Where to Meet Hot Girls??
If you could go anywhere in the world for 1 week
10 days in Ukraine - May 2014
Azuls Tijuana Datasheet
VICE Guide to Europe 2014
Crazy/epic travel stories?
India - Chance of Getting Laid?
2 weeks in The Philippines
Need a third city between Prague and Berlin
Moving to Miami
Europe 5 weeks July-August
Where should I go in late December?
Cabo
Best City on the West Coast for Game
Austrailia work and holiday visa
Montevideo or Cordoba in July
DR or Miami for concentration of nice big booties to waist?
Bang Ukraine review thread
Brazilian girls are different
What Are Your Favorite Country Flags?
The Ukraine Thread II
Montauk, NY (Bonus story of game, booze, and sex)
Why are hotels SO expensive?
Help me schedule SE ASIA Itinerary (please)
Going to live in Spain ¿any advice?
Cost of Living Reference Library by City.
Steroids in Eastern Europe
Travel Bucket List
Booking.com appreciation thread
Data Sheet: Oakland, CA
Indonesia>Thailand>Camobida
An Intro to Colombian Girls
Colombian visas
For players who game full time
Central Coast, finding local gems.
Game Sickness
Forum 3 Page 82

How are Austrian women these days?
South Korean Boryeong Mud Festival
Magaluf, Spain Datasheet/Trip Report
Grad School in D.C.
Albufeira
Åland Islands Datasheet
Why Germany is underrated on here + picking a good city
Summer Holidays - Where are you heading?
Tomsk, Russia Datasheet 2014
In Phnom Penh
do asian girls think mac products are sexy?
Philippines and Vietnam (Advice)
Antalya thread
gaming in indianapolis
Odessa in July: Genius Move or Idiocy Unleashed?
An Asian guy going to Sweden, any advice or comment?
How to pull on Clearwater beach
Tips on Krakow bars?
Do I need a credit/ATM card with a chip in Europe?
The Bizarre World of Fake Vacation Destinations
Expat 4th of July in Berlin?
Studying in Europe
Salamanca
NY, Miami, Cali Latinas
Exposé on CS as a hookup medium
Birthright Israel Trip
Where to Live? ESL Tcherr Looking for Warm Country to Start a Band & Bang Girls
living abroad for 1 year to learn Spanish
Hua Hin and Pran Buri, Thailand Mini Data Report
holiday in greek islands
Fall E.E. Trip (need advice!!)
Craigslist-ing across the U.S.
5k Budget: Help Pick Bang Mission City
Yet another damn Philippines trip report...
Thoughts on Louisville, KY?
Language questions for Russian native speakers
South Afica + Botswana Datasheet
Airbnb Now Illegal in NYC
elabayarde(two Americans) in the UK and ireland
(Legal) Drugs Around the World
Forum 3 Page 83

Hrvatska: The Journies of Two Croatian-Canadian Brothers
South Africa + Botswana Datasheet
Urgent: Booking for Cuba tomorrow
Cuba: Internationplayboy's Experience
True that 50% of Taiwanese men and 23% of girls had ONS's?
Lunch tomorrow with a guy who has been to every country in the world -without flying!
New Resource For Long or Short Term Travel Stays
THAI LADYBOY TRAVEL COMPANION
Costa Rica remains most popular Latin American study abroad destination for US
Portugal vs Brazil and being black.
Euro Players-Best City for Blondes and Caveman Game
Everything New Orleans, Louisiana [NOLA Report]
DC to Tampa
Anyone ever get laid in Nepal?
Australia
Mexico In Mid-June
Where to live for a month?
Securing personal stuff before you pull a chick back?
One month in Colombia
Need Advice About Colombia
Datasheet: Travel Guide + My Flag, Notch, Experiences in Budapest Hungary
Backpack for traveling
Man Beds 100 Women in Four Months in Bali
Medelin in June
Bangkok Datasheet (Nightlife: Getting it right)
Backpacking Advice
Scouting talent at airport terminals for your next trip
Sites for Local Venue Advice?
Visiting 100 Countries In Your Life
Is Colombia or SEA best for my first trip?
Istanbul, Bucharest, Split, Hvar, Dubrovnik & Budapest in Sept 2014.. Advice welcomed
NYC lounge/bar to bring a girl
Laureles/Estadio Area of Medellin
San Juan, Puerto Rico -- Trip Report (to be)
Help needed what European countries better for a 40's guy solo trip
What Asia Destination Looks Most Like Hawaii?
Visa on Chinese Passport
one week in crete
Club london
Gaming High End Girls in Manila
Forum 3 Page 84

Fatest Children Now Italian And Greek, Not American
Saying hi and a couple questions.
Birmingham, UK - Data Sheet
Ukrainians travel shortly without visa to Shenghen
Fantasy Fest Key West FL
Indian women in the UK
The Gringo Motorcycle Diaries -- Biking Through Colombia
Skype Translate, new near Real Time voice translation
Deciding where to live and projected future feminism?
Porto Alegre Spring 2014 Update
Meet Russian Girls Online Before Traveling
Best City or Cities for Online Dating
Iceland - Serbia - Bulgaria- Slovenia 3 months
San Jose Costa Rica Meet Up
Quito, Ecuador Data Sheet
Recommend a cheap seasonal home or place to stay
What to do here? White Knight in the Red Republic
Antalya, turkey
Newbie going to San Jose, Costa Rica
Slow Season in Bocas Del Toro, Panama
Hank's Montreal Experience
Beach Condo Rental in Bulgaria
budget app for the traveler
Warsaw or prague!  Poland or Czech R
Kratko selo, Croatia [Data Sheet]
European Summer Vacation
Experiences with triptogether.com?
Central america question - where to rent for the summer.
Photo study of Lithuanian discos
Miles and Points for Players
Thailand coup d'etat May 2014
Hartsfield Jackson Int'l Airport in the Gay T.L. sucks.
Travel on the Marines' Dime for 3 Years to 3 Different Countries
Changing flights
Is it true that most colombian women have fake booty?
Hitchhiking! What's your take?
Oslo, Norway
Data Sheet: Co-working spaces and other places to work in Bangkok, Thailand
Back to the USA for one month
Top clubs in NYC
Forum 3 Page 85

Open letter and request to Roosh
Porto Alegre Brasil
Data sheet : Aix en Provence
Deciphering Public Transport in the FSU
Northern Cyprus/Turkish Cyprus
Hotel's in Phuket charging extra for guests when listed for 2 persons
Roosh V Forum - Data Sheet
Anybody else interested in traveling and living for free by playing poker?
Trip to California with Family
Jus Sanguinis
Fromn Israel, where to spend 2 weekse
Retire in Argentina for $150,000?
Russia Today's documentary on Couchsurfing
El Salvador Data Sheet (San Salvador + El Tunco)
Best Place to Study Abroad for an Asian
Even I Couldn't Fail In The Philippines
Russian community in Brazil
Anyone been to Barcelona?
What is the point of travel?
Serious question for the Miami experts: White chicks.
Suit Game & NYC Trip Report
Favorite Airline
Thai immigration cracking down on border runs
List of must-see world events and parties
Silicon Valley ie San Jose overrated?
The California Latina Thread
Pitt invades Cali, Colombia (cali vs santo domingo)
Kaluga - Datasheet
Looking to Sublet My Brooklyn Pad This Summer
Tourists in NYC - whats a good plan?
7 Day Trip to England (Seeking Advice)
Establishments that facilitate lovemaking abroad
TOP 3 countries for Eastern European girls
Trip Report: 3 Weeks in the Dominican Republic
The Lithuania thread
Help me plan my great eastern europe adventure
Kupuri Festival 2014, near Mexico City
Alternatives To Flying in the US
Any tips on Bucharest?
Monaco Data Sheet
Forum 3 Page 86

Traveling to Canada with a mark on your record.
Online dating tips for SEA
City in EE
Prague Data Sheet 
Delray Beach, Florida
Greek Prostitution Soars By 150%!!
Good things to see in Europe
does the crisis have made ​​greek girls wanting more fun?
Why San Francisco is boring
Looking for a new city to call home.
May 2014 - Budapest, Prague, Berlin, Krakow, Riga and Kiev
THE Definitive Sao Paulo Data Sheet!
Anyone read Neil Skywalkers new book yet? Around The World in 80 Girls
What is best place to bring hot chick, in order to score more hot girls?
Indigenous girls in Latin America!  How to game them.
Budapest prague vienna help
The Bubblies
Tinder Datasheet - How is it in your city?
Amsterdam/ Groningen, Netherlands-- Datasheet/Trip report
Best french speaking country/city for big booties
Beach Coast of Southern Cali
Mexico City Data Sheet
Datasheet: Charleston, SC
Bali? yah or nah?
20 ways to slice Europe
St. Paul Data Sheet
Booked
Where to stay in Montreal
Moscow through the eyes of expats
Are We Destroying The Very Poosy Paradises We Hype?
A few more JAPAN-specific Questions
Eastern Europe vs Central Europe
Little Trick for Scouting Out Women in a Given Area
Places Where You Can Increase Your Flag Count Quickly
Nationalities and accents
The Biggest Sluts of Latin America: Paraguay, Colombia or Brazil?
Colombia vs Brazil Thread
[Video Datasheet] Dominican Republic
Mexico City and Oaxaca Through the Lens of Game
What's your favorite Eastern Europe City?
Forum 3 Page 87

Pharrell Williams "Happy" videos a world tour of typical cute girls?
Scary moments while flying
Phoenix Pickup Datasheet
DATA SHEET: Caracas Venezuela - Bring a First Aid Kit
Common mistakes foreign guys make with Brazilian women
Couchsurfing
Question for Bangkok experts
Minsk, Belarus Data Sheet
New York City vs. Miami - Which is the better summer option?
Shenzhen, Chongqing, or Other
What is a better bang mission-college town or Eastern Europe city?
Blacks Going Back To Africa
The Hippy Thread
Help a Med Student Decide Which US party city (Vegas, Miami, etc) to set up shop in
Prison Fight: Thai Inmates vs. Foreigners
World's #1 blader, Richie Eisler, travels the world for work
Party Travel Agencies
Where to for a long weekend?
Cities with the best clubs (music, dis, drinking, atmosphere, etc.)??
Tulsa, Oklahoma
DR - Santiago - Trip Report
Going to Helsinki for 2 years (& Stockholm)
McQueen's Getting Laid In LA Formula Data Sheet
air b'n'b, Villa vs AP - question for the pro's
How to know if a place is good for love tourists
Quezon City - Recommend me some good places to stay!!
Petronio Alvarez festival in Cali. Tons of hotties
Meet high level women in Moscow
Data sheet: ultimate HIGH END Manila guide
American, US Airways tweak fees, mileage rules
20 Years Old. 80 Days in Europe. Arm me with everything you've got.
Advice needed: Girl lives kinda far away. Need to invent story...
Dancing in Russia / FSU - Best partner dance?
Feria de Cali (Colombia) 2013
Key West Weekend Trip, Advice
Best daygame/nightlife cities for a TV show (Europe/Asia)
NY Pizza vs Chicago Pizza
Juvenile foreigner in Germany
BEST phone/data cell coms for international travel?
Where to next?
Forum 3 Page 88

Manila, Cebu, and Davao Trip Report
Brussels, Belgium
Too many countries too fast?
American cities vs European cities vs Asian cities
Planning to go to Barcelona 1 day, need advice when
Cordoba or Medellin?
First time in New York
UK piece about Odessa brides
Phone/Contact logistics
Battle of the regions
Cebu City apartment/hotel logistics.
Help me with Asia travel plan
Colombia Datasheet (Bogota & Cartagena)
Los Angeles Club Problem
What countries have the sweetest women?
Vietnam - Land of Heaven
World map with the sexiest woman
Advice for a location independent 38 year old
Do you go through the nuddie scanners at airports?
Santiago de Chile, Montevideo, Buenos Aires, Panama
Montevideo Intel
And crew around Montevideo?
Traveling while suited up
Data Sheet: Ocean City, MD
Where to stay in Manila - Gramercy?
After Thailand, where in China?
Girls from Poland website
What is the best way to painlessly change locations?
Travelling FWB's
Belarus visa free entry 25,4 -30,5
San Andrés - Colombia Data sheet
Long-Term accomodation in Spain
Cultural and societal differences between the north and the south (USA)
San Andrés, Colombia
Montañita, Colombia vs Mancora, Peru
Ukrainian women: Sex boycott for Russian men
Experience with muslima.com
Best city in Poland for a few weeks
Best European Cities for Daygaming When Time is Limited
Definition of "Western World"
Forum 3 Page 89

Best Countries to Play Pickup Football (Soccer) In?
Played out countries in Europe
Planning 3 Weeks in Western Europe
White Americans are easy to tell apart from Europeans. Agree?
My Belgrade Story
Ostrava, Czech Republic Data Sheet
You have to be lucky to get laid in Shanghai (Vice article inside)
salsa dancing in Split?
Experiences in the South Pacific?
20Nation and TravelHardCore (THC) in Dominican Republic
The Desperate Western Men Hunting For Wives In Ukraine
Basic American Visa Datasheet
in Phuket, shooting range practice
Bratislava - Oslo - Bucharest
What's important to you when choosing a region? location/cost/easiness/quality etc
The American Bro
Another Bogota Data Sheet
Girls Offering To Meet You At Airport From Online Dating Sites
This company is hiring someone to take a $1,000,000 vacation.
Customs/Border Protection goes through pics on my camera?
almost too good to be true!
A month in Montreal
Pamplona, Berlin, Croatia and Hungary
Krakow or Poznan?
Cheapest website for Flights/hotels in Brazil
Spring Break ’14 : Fort Lauderdale, FL Trip Report
Vegas March Madness 3/20-3/23 - Good wkd for Game?
Higuest Divorce Rates¿What's wrong with Eastern Europe?
St. Petersburg Data Sheet
Minneapolis or Chicago
Best place in Prague to hook up with local gals
Crazy Currency Arbitrage in Venezuela
Info on apartments in moscow and st.peter
Negril, Jamaica Data Sheet
Toilets around the world
Nantucket?
TEFL But No Degree -- Can I Still Get An ESL Jobs In Shanghai?
Solo Night Out In NYC
Homebase in Hamburg-What are my options?
Thailand tourist visas
Forum 3 Page 90

Warsaw, April - Advice needed
NYC Restaurant Report: A Guide To Eating The Apple
Solo travel
NYC from an SF'ers Viewpoint
For Americans: Would you ever give up your US citizenship?
Have 100,000 Miles, where should I go?
nice city to live for 3000usd a month
Anyone Have Suggestions On A Good Sm Backpack/Manbag for Traveling
Santiago, Chile - Datasheet 2013
Going rural
New YouTube Series
Teaching english in cambodia
The Best Time To Book A Plane Ticket, According To New Study
Bucharest or Warsaw?
Vancouver (DO NOT BOTHER)
Toronto vs. Vancouver vs. Montreal vs. Calgary vs. Edmonton vs.Ottawa?
Breda, The Netherlands - data sheet
Which nationality is the most difficult for you?
Which countries will the average woman be taller than 5'7?
Travelgirls.com
Gaming in Pittsburgh
Montreal
A couple of Paris questions
WalterBlack's Tokyo Trip - 1/Feb/14 to 5/Feb/14
Philippines - Pinay mindset and game differences
Guadalajara Late Winter 2014
Power Trip 2013 pt. 2 - New York City
Long term travel, accomodation & girls
Rio Datasheet 2014 (by GoodfellaGood)
Cheap Airline Tickest from Europe to Usa ?
Datasheet: Direct Comparison between Western and Russian women
Data Sheet: University of Illinois at Champaign-Urbana
Living In the Czech Republic
Bought a One Way Ticket To Manila...
Skinny Germán guy that tried to pick up my chick in BLUE last night in parque lleras
First ever trip abroad gaming
An Idiot Abroad Travel TV Series
Marrying For Citizenship
Los Angeles from Sunday to Wednesday
china tour logistics
Forum 3 Page 91

Baku Data Sheet
Need recommendations (Istanbul, Rome, Barcelona)
In what countries will brown skin have you mistaken for a sex tourist?
What's happening to Polish Chicks?
Where to go for 9 days in April
Masdinero is moving to the DR
I want to try out New York More but....
Travel Bum Season 2, Episode 1, "ISABELLE, Medellin"
Beijing Datasheet
Taking university classes in Korea
Seoul and Taipei in the Summer
Puerto Rico April 2014
Veneuela is on fire right now - why is it not in the news?
Thailand / Philippines Data Sheet 5 Weeks
Polish Holiday Destinations
Cuba
Does accent reflect good/bad personality?
The most eager girls in Poland are...
Newbie Traveler - some questions
Best Website To Sponsor A Girl in Ukraine?
California->Phils: Jet Lag Prevention through Sleep Shift
The Toronto thread
Experiences with Debit/Credit cards when travelling
Moving to Colombia, A lil' help please
Goiania, Brazil
Beyond Borders Writes A Sweet Post on Infiltrating the Locals
Flights to Thailand from US West coast
Sochi Winter Olympics 2014
What are guest policies like in the Philippines?
el chapo capturado
10 Places to Go While They Are Still Cheap: 2014 Edition
English pecentages in Poland, Lithuania & Estonia
Mini Berlin report
Greetings Fellow Sex Tourists!!
Travel cheap or for free tips
Where to go for a bang and best semester in your life?
The lowdown on Polish girls
Los Angeles - Venues
What signs can help you distinguish which girls are DTF on Filipinocupid?
South Beach
Forum 3 Page 92

Ukraine is on some other shit right now
Courier Flights?
How do YOU decide where to travel?
Cebu City, Philippines, Datasheet
Is pipelining is even necessary for paces like DR or Philippines
T-Mobile for Traveling
Obtaining a Brazil tourist visa
Overseas Information and Personal security
Heading to Bangkok tomorrow
Densification of  downtown L.A.
South America
Your Personal Xanadu
Colombia/Philippines/Eastern Europe?
My Perfect City (What I Am Searching For)
Sex Tourism Doc
Take a job in Poland or Germany?
Berlin for 2 days
marbella???
Want to know why your friends don't give up their miserable lifestyles?
Manila / Philippines Questions
HSBC Expat Survey Tool - and my own survey of you.
Poland or Colombia in May???
Best One Night Stand City
Captain Ahab drops his anchor in Tampa Bay, Florida.
Countries with (sexually) Open Minded women!
For those that LIVE in a great city to game...
Bang Walt Disney World Resort
Where to Hang in NYC ( response to PMs )
What's the Best Game to Use on Latin American Women?
santo domingo
Warsaw Wings
Caracas Is Popping Off Right Now
Q about the Philippines
Dash's San Salvador Data Sheet
Making money with Greece's economical situation?
travel pillow
Jakarta
Thoughts on living abroad
Garden Route and Little Karoo, including Otter Trail
Montreal vs Chicago
Forum 3 Page 93

salsa en colombia
Jaco Costa Rica Mini-Data Sheet
Mini Data Sheet: Taganga, Caribbean Coast of Colombia
What is Sao Paulo like (in comparison to Moscow)
City with the easiest girls in clubs
Need advice on Tailoring my Travels by the Experts
Cuba or Ecuador?  Where to go for Study Abroad?
Great Travel/ Adventure Blog
Belgrade, Serbia Data Sheet + Balkan Power ™ revealed
Moving to Russia............
Is public display of affection really unlawful in Cuzco?
Diamantina, Brazil
Miami Beach: best spots
EE countries for fnding sex and those for finding a wife
Did you realise that you can pay to hunt and kill pirates off the coast of Somalia?
Heading to Medellin
Working holiday visa / exchange program / multiple citizenships / etc. thread
San Francisco: The Toronto Of The US
Live-tweeting Sochi: Is this the real Russia?
Best places to study abroad?
Snowboard for 10 days......leaving in 5 days
PCB Spring Break 2014
Iceland / Wroclaw /bang / Roosh
Direct Openers vs. Indirect Openers in Latin America
Addictive game. How well do you know the world?
Must Have Experiences, Must See Places, Around the World
The strangest food you've tried abroad
The Legality of Impregnating a European Girl
101 Places To Get F*cked Up Before You Die
Some questions to the guys who lived / live in Moscow
Manizales, Colombia Data Sheet
Bulgaria - does anyone have insider knowledge?
American Jews in Israel, how did you feel amongst the people?
Making a travel/game map
Latin America and Asia: Differences?
Malta to sell citizenship for $1.55 million
Hilarious Comments From Thai Dating Sites.
Israel to Lebanon, 2 passport shenanigans
youngest girls you've banged abroad
Last minute flights
Forum 3 Page 94

Need info on Bad Gastein, Austria
Greece in May
Dominican Republic for the New Year
Female sex tourism behind increase of HIV rate in UK
Colombia blitzkrieg
Average breast size by country
Sport/ Boot camp destination + girls ?
Latin America:Easiest cities for swooping girls and where maybe they aproach gringos?
Attracting Women in Mexico ? What do Mexican's Find Attractive?
Salsa Congresses
Summer Destinations 2014
Feria de Cali 2013 Data Sheet
Language challenged
PERU?
Pipeline for airport pickup
Trip report, Mexico: GDL and PV
Santo Domingo RD Jan 30 - Feb 3
Need to Leave Russia - Where Next?
Drinking tap water abroad
Best international/online banks
All-Inclusive/Super Resorts. Any Gaming Luck?
Which will be the future of Lithuania
Datasheet for Krakow, Poland + Experiences
All Emerging Market Currencies Tanking
Vietnam 2014 trip report
Southern Europe
Send me packing!
Laying Siege - Edinburgh UK
Off The Beaten Path In Colombia: La Costa Pacifico
Datasheet: Koh Samed, Thailand
Using protection in South East Asia?
Southern Africa (South Africa, Namibia, Zambia and Botswana) Trip report
Brazil is Going Downhill Fast
Protestors in Ukraine Battle Police with Sticks While Wearing Guy Fawkes Masks
Dual Citizenship:  Useful Or Not?
Question about Thailand(bangkok)
Dublin? Ire land.
Poland/Lithuania or Hungary for one year
Socorro city : 5 Lays in 10 days Datasheet Part 1
Best place to learn Spanish
Forum 3 Page 95

If you knew you would never be able to visit each country, which ones would you drop?
Website ranks world cities by hottest/most promiscuous women.
loosing my mind in the western world....
Ukrainian Women, are you guys ready to "man up"....
CUSTOMER SERVICE: Countries the with BEST and WORST
Hitting the road...
Sundance Film Festival?
Dominican Republic (Hidden Gems Search)
Europe Hooking Up Rating
Fujiwara from China to France, May/June '13
Cork, Ireland
Athlone - Ireland - Help
Online Dating in the US vs Europe
Let's present the next to be independant states/provinces and why they are unique
Guadalajara + PV or DF
Budapest data Sheet
If you could go anywhere in July/August
Data Sheet: Manuel Antonio, CR
Another recent Poland observation..
Countries with better economical perspectives in Europe
Anthony Bourdain in Colombia
Delta
TEFL lesson plan
Common mistakes newbies make when traveling?
MCallen TX Data Sheet?
Scotland or Wales?
Icelandic non-adventure
Things you should and shouldn't bring to SEA
Data Sheet: Punta Cana, Dominican Republic
Spain in January/February
Map of Europe by Sex Ratios
Kabal in Taipei and Jakarta, EoY 2013
When to go to Iceland early this year
10 things Dominicans won't do
Is America really that bad?
Upcoming Vegas Weekend: Quick Thoughts
20Nation Does Mexico
Vegas Dayclubs
Washington, D.C. Is the Gayest City
Ukraine cautionary tale
Forum 3 Page 96

Another Philippines Trip Report
Newbury Park, CA
Best bars/nightclubs in Reykjavik, Iceland on each night of the week?
best places in canada for americans
TESOL Info Thread
Kamloops, Canada
51 European cities by price - 2014
Anyone been to Illichivs'k? Near Odessa.
LA guys...westsiderentals.com - worth it?
Mykonos Island, Greece
Sandokan's Adventure
Planning My First Significant Trip
Canada vs. New Zealand
Rent in Wroclaw/Poland in General
What months are there a lot less young gringos travelling in places like Brazil/Peru?
Jobs in Amsterdam
FSU sleeper trains and Ukraine first impressions
What do you spend to live in Poland/Month?
What Citites in EE have the most redheads?
Singapore as a base for Manila, Bangkok, KL etc.
Need Help Finding a 2nd Tier US CITY
Polish Chicks in Dublin / Ireland
Brazilian White Girls are Rascist
Swooping in American "tier 2" cities
Looking for suggestions
The Wroclaw Gambit
What is the best place in the world to game light-skinned Asians?
End of year travel review - post your travel summary of 2013 here
Doha Qatar final report
Poland or Russia for Quality?
Hanoi vs Saigon
Russian Bombings
DR -Cabaret/Sousa hotels
Panama City, Panama Impressions
(Eastern) European Girls in DC?
Datasheet: Helsingborg, Sweden
Sly does Sosua, Dominican Republic
North Carolina
New years eve plans and advice(international)
Great cities for men in Europe
Forum 3 Page 97

Bang Ukraine review copies
Houston, Dallas, or San Antonio???
relocate to Europe : Prague or Warsaw ?
The American Apparel neighborhood selection strategy
Best Destination for this?  EE / Ukraine / even Russia
What do you want out of foreign women?
Hours to learn a language
Cities with the most English-Speaking Expats
Finland outside of Helsinki
Traveler's diarrhea
Wheres BANG UKRAINE?
Naples, FL Data Sheet
Body  Brains  Attitude - Cast Your Votes
City/Country with the rudest people.
My Jamaican reggae
Cool Site For All Things Travel...
Finding isolated expats in non-Western Cities
Do you know a good International Sim Card with 3G Internet Access ?
Anyone Here LIVING in Bangkok?
St.Kitts
My Atlanta Weekend- a few tips
Goa for New Years
Why you didnt kill it in poosy paradise
What about Lublin, Poland
ATLanta
Peacocking PUA cleans house in Cebu.
The Best Data Sheet You Ever Read?
Continue Portuguese or move on to French?
Worst Case Situation I need a cheap country to life in.
Where in brazil can I find this  type?
Two reasons Deb and IRT should visit NY
Baltic Trilogy review thread
Tips for gaming non-English speakers?
Vegas on a budget
My Taiwan Datasheet
Trinidad
Sex Tourism giving us travelers a bad name......
Medellin super data, featuring Uncle Mixx
Streets paved with Pussy: Glory Days - Past, Present & Future
el-mechanico's Hispanola adventure
Forum 3 Page 98

Swooping abroad without speaking the language
Where to start the travel?
Nightlife video thread
Backpacking through Europe, need some advice.
Data sheet: Pai, Thailand
Learning to snowboard in Norway ?
How Original Another Medellin Datasheet
2000 women to go Topless in Rio, 21st of December
Top Ten, Highly Recommendable Cities For Personal Development
Summer spots in the US
Countries and Cities Where Girls Aren't Cell Phone/Text Message Bonkers
Flakey girls in Corrdoba Arrgentina -- can I do something other than move cities?
Not All Black Hair Is Created Equal
Great New Article on Couchsurfing
Palestine Data Sheet
Cuba (Havana + Trinidad) Datasheet
Hotspots for 2014
Lima Peru: A Whiteboy's Pussy Paradise and Travel Tips
Suzhou, China
Los Angeles....late January
Best Places to LEARN game?
MOLDOVA
Is Romania a better alternative to Colombia?
El húngaro en Medellin/Pereira
My Three Month EE Summary/Comparison
Travel to Russia
South Beach
Asia vs Eastern Europe vs Latin America - semi long term
Thailand Trouble
Biggest beta males in the world by nation?
To Live in Prague
Which Euro girls have biggest boobs?  
20Nation and THC go to Port-Au-Prince, Haiti
Wayfarer: Mark Ames's travels in Russia
The best idea ever?
Tomorrowland 2014 Belgium
Why have the women of the world fallen to such lows?
Mozambique
Holiday Travel Suggestions?
Cayman Islands - Any Information?
Forum 3 Page 99

FSU vs SEA
Players are confused about EE women
Spain - Madrid or salamanca?
Krabi, Thailand in January
Flying to Bogota tomorrow, any pointers?
Where to visit:  Germany, UK (London or nearby), Czech Republic, Sweden, or Russia
NYE in Lviv
Bulgaria - Sofia
North Korea: Possible hidden gem?
Some Questions About Teaching English in Japan
Is one week enough in a foreign city/country?
Well..the Latvian wife is gonna have to pay off now...
How easy are open relationships in Poland?
New Years Eve: Punta del Este (Uruguay)? Or stay here in Cordoba?  Or Buenos Aires?
Women from communist countries are better
NYE 2014
Fort Worth, Texas Data Sheet November 2013 Update (Greater Tarrant County)
International pickup assistant needed
Stockholm Syndrome, Sweden
Am I the only one who doesn't think AirBnB/RelayRide are great deals?
Anyone being to Gozo, Malta?
Playboy Mansion Halloween Party Tickets
Finding quality items, from places which are known for them
Thai Friendly - LOL Beta Male Comments
Jo Gets Robbed on the Beach [Mexico]
"Star Wars" personality Test
Zacatecas City, Mexico
Top 3 Cities You've Been to in Terms of Beautiful Women
NYE in Los Angeles
Dubai
German paysex
Argentines Need Dollars
Living in Sweden.All what you need to know.
Need help with tourists in Thailand
Ukraine cancels trade pact with the EU
Gyms in Chiang Mai
Poland Report
A celebration of slavic genes
Kiev Report
Ukraine integrating into EU? Schengen in the future or no?
Forum 3 Page 100

Did you know this about smiling at someone in Russia?
Is anyone getting One Night Stands in Toronto?
Travel Value - Discounted Business Class
An Unlikely Fight : Mexico against the Ukraine
US is weird/sad/bad/great! Mirror distorted by experiences
Did you give up your career to go travel? How did it turn out?
Naples - worth visiting?
Third tier cities
Expats -Barranquilla, Cartagena and Medellin
The Down Low on Oslo, Norway
US-Russia Visa Pact
Cultural Video reports of the Philippines from an American
Medellin safety u dont think about?
Best set up for having a dedicated US number abroad?
2 months in South America
Where to pipeline in Russia?
Going to Europe on a $5000 budget
Love charm does Bangkok...
Has anyone traveled London-Kiev-Moscow?
First Time In Colombia
study anthropology to find places with skinny girls with big tits
Best Cities/Countries for Latin guys (who love blondes)??
Where to go for New Years Eve?
Custom Suit in Southeast Asia
Which city/town do you live in?
Girls in Siem Reap?
Yaje/Ayahuasca 
Fitness/Bootcamp retreat
Skywalker goes Hollywood!
Nightclub shooting in Cali, Colombia leaves 8 dead
Anyone met a Colombiana this dodgy online?
Mobile Apps for Travel Hunting
Canadian Rail: Windsor to Montreal
Graz, Austria
DATA: Whistler
Two JAPAN-specific Questions
Expedition Kony
Getting Fame
Best places to find foreign girls in New York
Groupon Travel Deals
Forum 3 Page 101

Advice needed: The Scandinavian Winter - Sweden
Taiwan, Shanghai, Tokyo, ...: Pondering My Next Destination (Recommendations?)
New
Mexico?
Where can I travel for New Year's Eve (for about a week)?
Jamaica: gyals N tings
Santa Barbara, California
The One Carry On Bag Challenge
MaleDefined Goes Off The Radar In Peru
Your Experience With Out Shelter
List of Non-Developed Countries
Having music while you travel
Durex Global Sex Survey
Learning foreign languages, is it a must?
40 hours in NYC - Trip Report and Mini Data Sheet
Apartment Rentals by Country
FAA to Allow Airlines to Expand Use of Personal Electronics!!!
Loose Lips Sank Ship
Return to "Coffee, Tea or Me"?
I'm sitting on 10 datasheets and I don't know what to do with them
Making a Twitter to pipeline foreign women
Polish youth immitate American house party
"From Russia With WTF?!"
Picking a city in America/Canada for my next job?
Helsinki Impressions
Fisto Recons Lima Peru
Using Badoo for recon
Third and Fourth Tier Cities in ITALY
Anyone Been to Italy?
Cost of Living in Argentina Has Gone Up Crazy
Moving away long-term through Europe - Advice Needed!
Bangkok - Male Escort Clubs
Halloween in NYC
Help me plan an epic west coast road trip
ODS (one day stand) in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
Santiago Data Sheet
Ukraine Data: Summer 2013
Japan-youth giving up on sex?
Whats the best way to do Pipeline game?
Central Mexico data sheet + trip report
Forum 3 Page 102

Azul Does Mexico City
The Dominica Datasheet
Jordan
Amman, Jordan
5 month stint in Münich
Locked up abroad
New site that allows you to travel with beautiful women
Sailboat or bike...for adventure travel and meeting local girls
Where to go for Chinese New Year?
Belize Datasheet
T-mobile now offers free international data in 100+ countries.
Whats the best place to learn russian
In Kraków for two months
Vitoria Brazil
Base of Operations - where in Eastern Europe?
Thoughts on London
Glastonbury 2013
Ali-B's Northern Conquest
Telling co-workers about your vacations
Scandinavian women...Are the most beautiful in Europe?
Hiding your American citizenship: when to do it?
Micronesia/Vanuatu/Papua New Guinea?
colombia and scopolamine, is it really a worry?
Would it be possible for me to scam dual citizenship from South Korea?
elabayarde.. Heaven or Hell..Sweden or Montreal.
RUSSIA II
Jakarta/Indo - Best Time to Go?
Operation Russia: Saint Petersburg
Medellin, Colombia
How to pick up Indian women in India, the foreigner's guide
What country finds you most attractive? Find out with this app from Japan
oslo, stockholm or helsinki?
Santo Domingo during the holidays?
Conference Ideas
Brazilian girls vs Portuguese
Hong Kong: Feminist heaven?
Fake CS profile - A beta honeypot
Paradise Country List: Language, Climate, Chicks and more
Top 15 Cheap, Safe and Friendly Countries
DHV on campus
Forum 3 Page 103

Halloween Best Place for  partying
Where to get apartment in NYC (Manhattan)
NYC Newbie Question s
Man becomes world's most traveled after 23-year odyssey
Toronto. Now this is how you pickup TO chicks when you 5 feet tall!
Peru women dressing in fetish gear
Review of Taipei
Antwerp
Las Palmas - Gran Canarias
Maintaining Pr1vacy for Trips Abroad
Is Toronto The Most PC/Blue Pill Place On Earth??
Gyor - Hungary (info needed)
Good time to be in Spain
American latinos in Argentina
Getting an Engineering Job in Switzerland
Travel throughout Russia
Puerto Rico- San Juan, Vieques ect (Conquering a US territory)
Erasmus Parties
Prague?  Czech mate.
August 2013 in Eastern Europe: A comparison of cities
Is this the hottest Filipina?
Aussie in Europe October
Oct 2nd thru 14th.  If you could go anywhere where would you go?
Yerevan, Armenia mini-data sheet
Rostock, Germany - Data Sheet
Anyone live in Reykjavik, Iceland?
Interesting compact camera options ??? or iphone "lenses"
Bleed cash in Brazil, or do it cheap in the D.R.?
Venezuela: Runaway Inflation and Food Shortages
Munich Germany.  Ya
Best non-Schengen country in Europe?
Another reason why female birth stats are getting worse? - Sex Selective Abortion
Polish women for having kids? Or Russian/Ukrainian?
Iran
Scouting report on Romanian girls
Good places in NYC to start daygaming/cold approach?
NYC room rental deal for RVF members
Romanian girls love Korean pop culture?
Iasi, Romania
Novi Sad or Belgrade?
Forum 3 Page 104

Europe Newbie
WHICH GIRLS/ PLACES HAVE YOU FOUND GIRLS WHO ARE NATURALLY PRETTY without MAKEUP! ??
Eastern Europe dating websites compilation
LA vs Vegas living
Cocksucking workshop, guess where
Medellin or Cartagena
Miami Beach: Venetian Islands Logistics?
Female "Sex Tourists" in Cambodia
Brownsville, TX Datasheet
Eastern European girls in London?
Carnaval de Barranquilla
A Gentleman's Map of Europe 2013
Fisto Invades Western Europe (Starting in BCN)
The story on Cali Colombia
Data Sheet: Monterrey, Mexico 
Good hotel in Phnom Penh
The sexual terms by country and language thread
Naughty Nomad Show
The World's Happiest Nations ??
Adelaide Party Girls!!
Aftershock USA
Ibiza (with datasheet)
Romanian Tourist Campaign
Game in Montreal
Poland: Epic battle between mexican sailors and polish hooligans
Australia is Scandalous for Black Guys
Pickpocket prevention methods
Flag Hunting Collectables
Russian women on Vimeo
Medellin in December
Moscow, Russia Trip Report (August 2013; includes pix & vids)
Groningen, Kiel - better locations other than Scandinavia to find nordic girls?
Help Moscow for one week ?
Turkey explained
Chased out of Cambodia
Thailand 20 Years Ago - What Business Would You Start?
Describe a Polish girl
Basel data sheet
Key West (Off-season)
Batchgeo.com: Create Maps Easily And Quickly For Data Sheets
Forum 3 Page 105

Has anyone fully embraced a new culture and loved it?
All Montreal Everything
I love maps
Best cities for girls - University Hype Factor?
Brisbane, Australia
First Solo Trip
Summertime 2013 Recap?
Where can I find co-operative Filipina females in Toronto, Canada?
Best hotels in HCMC
A simple weekend routine for New York City - the Lower East Side
D.C parking
Hersonissos Data Sheet
Central Russia vs Southern Russia
DC Area = celibacy?
Question for Roosh and other location independent earners.
Best countries for Pacific Islanders/Native Americans/mixed dudes?
summer 2013...going for greek girls anyone?
Only banging foreigners/female sex tourists
J'adore Montréal:  The Data Sheet
EE OCTOBER TRIP, RUSSIA??
Shoring in Eastern Europe
Italian guy interviews russian girls on the street  (video)
Organizing a Pub Crawl in Tourist Cities for $$ and flags
Langkawi, Malaysia??
Barcelona Recommendations
Hvar Island (Croatia) vs Odessa (Ukraine)
Couchsurfing or Sexsurfing? What is the Difference Nowadays?
'Escape' Bag: What do you have packed?
Advice for my 3rd world relocation in 2014!
Whistler BC - Crankworx
Funny Travel Show about Boozing
Dating sites mass messaging openers
Rock and Punk bars/clubs around the world
Egyptian restaurants in NYC/LA/CHI
Surf Sluts From Around Southeast Asia Set to Invade Phuket Early September
New Orleans = Salvador, Brazil?
Ghost Towns of the Great Recession
Sex Positive *and* Relaxing Places
FSU Fatigue
MaleDefined Compares The Big 3: Rio, Bucharest and Bangkok
Forum 3 Page 106

EE go East or South ?
Boxing gyms in DC
THC's 150 Notch SEA Tour [Updated]
Bangkok VS Melbourne Data Sheet Comparison
How to stay in the EU for more than 90 days?
Polish and other EE chicks in Ire/UK
Anti- Homosexual propaganda exaggerated in Russia?
Rocky Mountain Whores! My Denver Review...
Belarus
One Week in DC. Where to stay? What to do? How to bang?
11 insights from 11 years abroad
Small town livin' in Dominican Republic
Viña del Mar/Valparaiso any experience??
elabayarde.. Heaven or Hell..Sweden or Montreal.
Amount of days needed for Asia trip?
Putting together google maps for data sheets
East Africa has the best looking black women
Are Blacks Safe Traveling in Mexico?
American English accent to other languages
delete
Fly Business Class for Coach Prices
Any Low-Hanging Fruit in Paraguay?
Dash's Korean Adventures
Who is more corrupt, Russian businessmen or Russian legal system?
Finland / Norway or Ukraine ?
In Defense of France
Moscow or St.Petersburg
Belgrade or Wroclaw
Salon writer dates in Russia lots of tragicomedy
Welcome Home, Mr. BecomingMachine
Packing "semi-heat" when traveling, Yay or Nay?
Datasheet: Edmonton, Canada
Permanent Vacation Logistics
So, I saved this guy's life last night in Bangkok . .
The Three Country Strategy
Not Having Money Abroad...
I'm going to start reviewing all the places I go
Rivelino in Stockholm (July 2013)
July 20 - July 29 Poland or Baltics?
Photocopying credit cards for travel
Forum 3 Page 107

Where to stay in Sao Paulo
Krakow
Miami VS Montreal Comparison Data Sheet
Albania - the unknown one of the Mediterranean
When She Bleeds on the Hotel Room Blankets?
Best mobile phone option for the Philippines? Can anyone give advice?
Question about Canada
Best Cities After Medellin, BKK and Manila?
Cambodia or Vietnam? (3-4 nights)
Sydney Data Sheet
Where do you feel you look your best in?
Russian Visa (urgent questions)
Places With The Least Materialistic Women
Data Sheet:  Save $130 on a RT flight on Spirit Airlines
Best North East Beach Towns for Pussy...
Hotels: $20 between your ID and CC
Cuba: Anyone been there lately
Where to live in London?
Running of the bulls/Pamplona??
Pub suggestions for Cardiff Wales?
The California Police State
East Malaysia - Borneo?
Las Vegas is the worst city in the United States (My Review)
Vegas 9/12 - 9/15  Mayweather fight weekend
Ditching My Car... Where To Live
Flakes Due to Lack of English Skills
need denver advice asap...
Non-Game related activities in the Phils
Stranded on an Island thread II
West China story
The Thai Woman's Way to Make a Man Fall in Love with You
A Few Thoughts about Paris, France
Rank these US cities
New to travel game, some experiences (Stockholm, Amsterdam, Kiev, London, Lisbon)
Expats: Successfully Emigrate from the USA?
3sums in Vegas
Back to ask the professionals to help...
Sightings of EE summer worker girls in the US
Data Sheet: Santa Barbara (downtown and UCSB/Isla Vista)
Cliff note of Denver / Boulder data sheet (avoid Colorado!!)
Forum 3 Page 108

Moving to poland or not? Dilemma.
Dubai and Multicultural Game
Passport expiring in 8 weeks - International Trip next week
Help - 90 Minutes to decide
Kiev Ukraine Data sheet
How to Travel: 21 Contrarian Rules by Ryan Holiday
Invite me to your fucking College!!!
How To Handle US Customs Like A Boss (For US Citizens Only)
Affordable Long Term Hotels/AIRBNB in NYC
NYC Speakeasies
NYC women have twice as many sexual partners
The Icelandic Sagas
Russia has long since been dead, but no one noticed ...
Moving to Florida? Help!
Photo Game When Traveling?
What to Expect in Dating in Philippines
Free yoga at the park - for all you NYC players
New spin on Couch Surfing
Daily Mail tube map
Which is better in September?
Roosh mentioned in mainstream article
Have you ever been forced to buy a return ticket before leaving the U.S.?
Mapping stereotypes (funny)
Just looking for some tail, Toronto tips for tonight and going forward?
Gone to Asia and teach English?
Zanesville versus Monte Carlo
3 month English teaching contracts in japan, flight paid for
Best Spot in Thailand
International Help
Poznan, Poland - Any tips?
Amsterdam + Paris
Budget Travel Calculator
visa requirements for different nationals
Japanese corporate environment
10 Countries That Love (and Hate) America the Most
Would Oxford, UK be a cool place to live for the summer?
Calgary Stampede 2013?
Trip Advice - Got Drunk, Booked 1 Month Trip in Asia
Is anybody else on A Small World?
Registering in Russia
Forum 3 Page 109

Legal environment for Canada vs. US?
Short Term Rentals in Miami
Travel abroad for months. What do you do with your local rent?
Living in a different country
What is your backpack set up?
Insights from a D.C. Woman
Top 10 "Redneck" Cities
Russia's Newly Liberal Visa Regime
Cabarete Data Sheet
15% off promo code on air Canada
If you had to choose a country in a certain region
District I Saigon/Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam Trip Recap (with a Couple Pics)
The Upside of the European Economic Meltdown
Slavophilia
Palo Alto 15 days Challenge (Ecuador, Perú, Colombia)
Cebu City, Philippines Trip Report
Running of the Bulls Attention Whoring - The Other Reason To Go
Bulgarian beaches(Burgas/Varna/Sunny Beach)?
European dating sites, particularly EE ones
Jersey Shore data: Manasquan
New videos on North Korea: Vice basketball trip with Rodman and Harlem Globetrotters
Dresden, Germany Datasheet
Northern California: South Bay Area: The Datasheet
Dubai building a pyramid that will house a million people
Tel Aviv Datasheet
South Korea Data Sheet
Game by partying big in Yugoslavia this summer
Toronto Weekly Wing Meetups
Tempe, Arizona
The Italian Job
Travel horror stories
Let go from employment, option to travel abroad and teach English
Choosing European cities for 2014 Trip
Mendoza, Argentina Datasheet
Whats a good salary in Mexico DF?
Get a feel for a place with google autosuggest
When you travel, what do you do during the day?
Case of skimming Roosh's ATM card solved?
Waterloo, Ontario :  data sheet
Bachelor Party in Panama City, Panama
Forum 3 Page 110

Wiki for data sheets
The Russian way of having fun?
Kuala Lumpur During Ramadan?
Most beautiful cities/towns in Asia unspoiled by mass tourism
Sao Paulo Positives
Gaming English girls?
Medellin still worth it?
Tips on having girls stay overnight at hotel in Saigon Vietnam
Kaunas, Lithuania
Lionel Messi parties in Las Vegas
2013 U.S. Monthly Travel Suggestions
BBC American Nomads
Next Bangkok Trip Report
Lithuania Vilnius
"Lonely Planet West Balkans" online???
Mexico
Where to go? Recommendations
Yelp Word Map Shows Where Hipsters (and others) Hang Out
No love for Turkey?
The Hvar, Croatia Thread
Moving longterm to SE Asia
Any Kaliningrad Info?
Greece 2013
The Schengen realm just grew, July 1, 2013
High end venues in Paris?
Currently sitting atop the corner of pussy and goddamn in Bratislava
"A Complete Dating Guide for Mainland Chinese Women"
Best place to be a dive bum
Biarritz, France
Erasmus Project
Non fag gyms in DC
Haiti?
living and working in Shenzhen, China – datasheet
The Bay Area Thread
Netherlands - Rotterdam, Amsterdam and Hauge
Cupid Network Accounts Keep Getting Deleted
Anyone Using Five Flag Theory or Three Flag Theory?
Making the most of a trip to the airport
A month in Japan
Best Middle Eastern Country for Game?
Forum 3 Page 111

Intellectual curiosity.
My first solo trip: Montreal
BQ in Montreal Part II
Town vs City game
Colombia Questions (Cartagena, Medellin, Bogota)
Indian women in London
Brazil's nationwide review/Race Status &the truth  about 60y.old men wearing speedos 
The 2013 Las Vegas thread
Light Night club in LV
Croatian Girls
What info appears when they scan your passport?
Cell Phone Infection in 3rd World
Australia
Temporary Sim Card for Brazil (iPhone 4Gs Mini-Sim)
The Countries With the Worst Vices
Awesome Jobs
How I lived in Tokyo for 30K a Year
Virgin Deflowering girls in MENA countries
7 days in the philippines. but where ?
China´s Housing Bubble
Quitting a professional job to travel
How to travel around the world for a year
U.S Visa with criminal record
Teaching ESL in Colombia Data Sheet
Gringo I knew shot and killed in Medellin
Best affordable Boroughs in London or other UK cities ?
One Night In Paris
Does anyone have connections in Hollywood?
Uk equivalent of Craigslist
Boots on the ground: Belgrade street talent
Sicily datasheet
Singapore Smog
Just got back from Boracay...
Philippines during Christmas?
Paris Report
Rome Trip Report
Thai Jealousy - Bitchslaps and Threatens Russian With a Gun
Majorca
4 Months 50 Notches SE Asia Tour
Mexicali, Mexico - Trip Report
Forum 3 Page 112

Roosh's next destination?
moving on to Russia, Eastern Ukr or staying in Lviv?
Vegas can be a fukin rip off (Club XS)
Datasheets Colombia: Bogota, Pereira
Lithuanian Village Discos
Singapore vs Bangkok
Dry Spell in the Wet Season... Bangkok
On leaving America,,,
Fulbright to Poland?
"To learn a language, 'all you need to do is practice' "
Apt prices in Rio
Granada - San Juan del Sur Nicaragua Trip Report
Que difícil es hablar el español...
Best Beach destination in Europe for summer?
manizales, colombia
Las Vegas Report
KLM
Rio Trip Report
Reverse culture shock experiences?
Rio de Janeiro - My writeup after three weeks.
Another Thread about Brazil (Rio Nightlife Guide)
Need to get out of NYC for 2/3 days
Banging Locals in Hotel Room?
Laredo, Texas Trip Report:  Are you a homERsexual?
best places for big ass light skinned girls?
Giardiasis is Not Fun
Where to Live in Washington, D.C.?
Datasheet for Mykonos, Greece
How To Leave The US
Sheffield, England- Data Sheet
Brno, Czech R. data sheet, experience
Vienna Mini Datasheet (Summer 2013)
Sex in Sri Lanka
Travel apps
Boracay, Philippines
Las Vegas - current bars etc
Greenville, SC (data sheet)
International Swagger in Prague, Czech Republic Datasheet
EnglishTeacherX
Article:  The Secrets Of How Thai Women Make Their Men Happy (Why Men Love Thailand)
Forum 3 Page 113

Planned Europe trip in June
Athens, Georgia College Football Gameday Breakdown.
Buenos Aires 2013 September onwards
Hawaii
One or two days in Miami. What should I do/see?
Ali-B’s Siege of Atlanta (Sherman Style)
Quebec..mainly Montreal
Mamaroneck Ave. White Plains, NY
How to date a foriegn girl with language barrier
Europe vs USA women
Best destination in CEE during Summer
Vancouver
Summer destinations overcrowded by Brits
Slavic girls in the military
dick paradise
DATA SHEET: Updated San Francisco - After Hours and more...
Bulking On The Road
Lima (Miraflores) Data Sheet
Caligula's New York Data Sheet
Muay Thai/MMA SE Asia EXCEPT Thailand
3 weeks in Paris, time to brush up French
Places to meet Ethiopian girls in DC?
Where in Europe to get my CELTA?
Passport for International Flights?
Best country to take a SHIT?
Best place in Mexico for girls?
BEST country to Bang Indian MEN?
Easiest city in Europe for pulling girls above a HB7
Trader Joes in Beverly Hills
Two Military Members Shot at Venezuela Strip Club
Another Interesting Documentary about East Europe
Atlantic city got a LOT nicer...
Some notes on Essen (Germany) and Plovdiv (Bulgaria)
Tiraspol data sheet
Russia, Ukraine-exploding hotbeds of HIV-AIDS risk?
Peru (specially Titicaca area)
Tokyo: general impressions
How large an age gap can be pulled off in Latin America?
Hungary: Part of the West or EE?
Budva Ios or Malta for end of august
Forum 3 Page 114

Montreal: El Abayardes Trip report, with Black Q and and a sprinkle of Torontokid
Are french women overrated?
any advice for gothenburg?
Helsinki, Stockholm, Tallinn - Recommendations for Clubs?
Colombia Dress Code
Picking up new habits from abroad
What are your summer plans for traveling?
Best city or places to game NCAA athletes
Study abroad
In Transit Show, Party in Russia
What Are Your Thoughts On Myanmar - Business Opportunities?
Malaga, Spain
Would You Live in Perth?
10-14 Days
Sex in the city - Ukraine (Documentary)
Get ready to pay more to fly
Best Country for Omegas
Would you move to sweden?
Cuba or Salvador da bahia?
Osaka
Best Advice for a Capital City
DirtCheap[CITY].com, 20 online budget travel guides for Europe & eBook series
Are all russian nightclubs like this?
Alaska State Fair summer 2013
Best Russian town - FSU Russia
New Travel Forum Innovation:  The Step-By-Step™
Foreign Income Exclusion
Foreign travel suggestions for 30th bday
Toronto is a diverse city?
Hawaii Datasheet
Printable Travel Checklist
DJ World Tour Game
Rio - May 8th-18th
How to pipeline in Germany?
Prague Metro Plans ‘Love Carriage’ For Lonely Singles
Why Brazil?
DominicanCupid-is it worth it?
Best City for a Brazilian Newbie
Berlin Kreuzberg - May 2013
Anyone ever travel the formula 1 circuit?
Forum 3 Page 115

Würzburg, Germany Data Sheet
American will favor passengers without roller bags
Marc Faber Travel Advice
Mission to Moscow
Any one have the scoop on Lima Peru?
Need Advice on LIMA, PERU Game, Peruvian women racist?
Cambodia ... for women?
My cost per notch in Europe (11 countries)
Dash's Guide to Teaching English in South Korea
Miami- Dolo Suggestions?
Relocating to Shenzhen, need advice on living there!
Budget Move for the Traveling Player - Game Fly Girls on the Free Walking Tour
Lothario's Trip Report to La República Dominicana
Hencredible's Weekend in Rio de Janeiro
Hotel suggestions for Maui?
Boots on the ground: Sarajevo street talent
Datasheet for St. Louis, MO??
Niagra Falls (ON)
Itinerary suggestions for Indian dude - 2 weeks
Dusseldorf Vs. Köln
Peru or Colombia
The Six Categories of Women in Miami
Arrived to NYC now what?
Berlin Trip Report (April 2013)
America’s Flirtiest/Most Approachable Women Online Statistics
My Berlin data sheet (December 2012)
Crimea, Ukraine (Yalta)
EZ USA Last Call Guide
Would you start a career in US or Russia if you were a US JD with a Ru citizenship
The Zagreb thread
Budva - Best Behaviour
Places You Don't Want To Be
The Romanian beauty- The Scientific reason.
Ryanair to buy 200 Boeings in $18bn order
Slang expressions in your language about girls and game
Gents, rev up your engines (cooming soon)
Fret does Business in China
Recommendations on Places to Lock Down - Los Angeles
Southern US, go or no?
Greetings from Ukraine
Forum 3 Page 116

3 Weeks in London
How to Bang Non-Pros in Bangkok
Colombian Trip Preparation Tips
Living in a Medellin barrio
Make It Count: Around The World In 10 Days
Is it wise to travel to Florida during this Trayvon circus
Taiwan for someone WITHOUT an Asian fetish
Are some ethnic groups of men just screwed internationally?
Dating girls the same age Colombia?
Making Male Friends while traveling
Where to go game in Toronto on a Thursday night?
English going alone to Colombia. Where's it at for me ?
Insect Repellent
Where am I moving?
Legal Nomads Practical Travel Tips
Best US Cities for Asian and Brown Men to Date Interracially?
Europe-Early July
21 days in Europe
The 2012 Cross Continental Club
Expatriates: where do you see yourselves 5 years from now?
Lonliness while traveling for extended times
How Long to Find a Wife?
Beyond Lonely Planet:  What are the best Travel/Culture Guides?
Travel/Tech Gadgetry
Recommended nightclubs and pubs in Prague - Budapest - Vienna
How much to Drop Everything and Travel the World
Coachella
Where are the hairiest women in Europe at?
best smart phones for traveling in Turkey and SE Europe
Africa vs Asia
Thoughts on Uruguay
Hearing Loss from Flying
Tampa's Hard Rock Casino
Surf camp in Costa Rica with many tourist girls and reliable wifi
Paphos (Pafos), Cyprus Data Sheet: 
Are you a polygot player?
A Russian version of Roosh
Brazil Guys vs. Colombia Guys vs. Argentina Guys
Low Cost Eurozone Warm Weather- Portugal vs. Sicily
Some thoughts on Filipino girls
Forum 3 Page 117

If you could work remotely where would you choose to live?
10 Days in NYC
Favorite City Poll
Datasheet: Nana District BKK, Thailand
Miami & Fort Lauderdale: Mini-data sheet
Finalizing Vegas, advice needed...
Help for London
Ekaterinburg Data Sheet
Vodka Shots, Saunas, and Loose Women- a Helsinki Trip Report
Best bang for your buck neighborhood in Manhattan
Should I move to Chicago or NYC this summer? 26 y/o, from UK
Has anyone tried using Facebook or Twitter to look for parties?
The travel forum just passed the girls forum
Where to live in Toronto
Uptown Charlotte Recon; Reason #N Why It Sucks to be a Beta Orbiter
NYC to Europe prices
Coping with U-Street Bars
" Best" shit-hole you've ever visited ???
Solo Traveller
Little Havana, Miami
Nice, South of France
approaching girls in Ukrainian University
International Feminist Panel -- (here we go again!)
Guatemala info
The Bright Side of DC = Au Pairs?
What gadgets do you travel with?
Sim Card for NYC
Fisto Invades DR
Las Vegas - Labor day weekend
Europe's cheapest cities
Uruguay Deep Dive
Tips for multiple city flights?
Israel is a great option to meet Russian girls
Pussy time share: Europe franchise
Expats
Why do I LIKE the women in Washington DC
Sweden is the easiest country I've ever been to (including Data Sheet)
Atlantic City
Pipeline services required (will pay good money)
Iceland - rock climbing, hiking, banging Icelandic women?
Forum 3 Page 118

You guys asked so here you go...a way into Jenna Jameson's Birthday Bash April 19th
Hitting a lull in a foreign country
I need your help on travel destinations.
Coney Island Travel Guide...(PICS)
Beach cities in North Poland (aside from Sopot)
Boonstock Festival 2013 , Gibbons, Alberta
Malta - Mediterranean Jewel
2nd Tier France - It's worth a longer stay ?
Samara,Russia datasheet/info request
When did you realize you had low-beauty standards ?
Happiest places in America
An article you guys would be interested in
Where do European women tend to hangout in Manhattan?
Canary Islands. Anyone been?
next weekend fun plan
Anyone in Edmonton, Alberta?
US Cities for Bang Mission
info on renting a private apt in cuba?
Ali-B's M3 Slut Kit (With Tech Manual)
Why do you like Europe?
Advance Warning from Jerusalem: Cockblockers are Organising
Going crazy need to get out in nature for a few weeks
Thoughts On How This Might Affect Prices?
Lódż, Poland Datasheet
South Jersey
HGH in Colombia
Sydney Logistics
Bang Azerbaijan?
Gringos Buscando Sexo en Colombia
Chinese Visa Help
Eastern European Girl Confession
Rio's Chiang Mai Data Sheet
How is Mardi Gras in New Orleans now?
best states for a hook up
living in Lviv
Should I from time to time delete and renew my Couchsurfing profile?
how do you use a US cell phone abroad
Do Ethnic Men Hate Themselves?
Portuguese dating and clubbing culture
Jakarta - Advice?
Forum 3 Page 119

A City In Decline
Paul Janka Living (and Loving?) Life in Europe
Cunts from Noo Yawk
Pretty good happy hour (union square NYC)
Another night in Washington DC (picture)
New York to Montevideo
Where would you go in SE Asia RIGHT NOW, if you had 2 weeks and heaps of $$$
The Middle East is changing
Where to stay in NY on a budget?
Riv in Amsterdam (April 2013)
American women abroad
Samoa Air Charging By Weight
Datasheet Needed: Saskatchewan, Canada
Savannah, GA
Thailand: Ladyboys outdo real women
Racism in Kiev and other observations
Economist rearranges Europe
Nigerian
Chinese Lesbian Prostitutes Tour
--BANGING TOURISTS ABROAD--
Just back from Russia: A few thoughts
Iberian sweep
Jet blue sale
Bang Texas.    (NYC STYLE)
St. Pete- Heaven or Hell, I really can't tell
VVO, Astana, Wroclaw - good travel website?
Slovenian Women
Big bang Cyprus
Datasheet Geneva
Airbnb Paris
Spring Break 2013 - Panama City Beach
Hot girls in San diego
Santa Barbara women
project : casino
Fuck Hostels!!
It's Official: Moving to St. Petersburg Jan 28
Cougar Cruise
Kuala Lumpur Mini Report
InternationPlayboy's Lima, Peru Data Sheet
donetsk
Forum 3 Page 120

GB people drunkfest in Spain
edited due to privacy concerns
Going to Sydney Australia next month...
Bulgaria vs Ukraine vs Hungary vs Poland...experts come on in
Myrtle Beach
1 month in Indonesia - where to go?
USA with parents and brothers...
Rock Star effect
Top 10 Model Producing Nations (per capita)
How Long Will a City Last? Here is Your Best Comparable
Death of 12 year old girl forces Cuba to address sex tourism
In SF for two days! Best places/ways to get SNLs before I leave?
Toluca de Lerdo Data Sheet
Map of the countries that are most and least welcoming to foreigners
Surfin' Russia!
Winter Music Conference in Miami
Backpacking South America
Phnom Penh, Cambodia info needed.
San Francisco
5 Days in either HK, KL or Singapore
Cheapest/Best Cities To Live In Colombia?
Buying real estate in Mexico/Argentina/Uruguay
Europe. Pussy Paradise.
Aug-Sep are now open for mayhem. Help me figure it out.
Medellin Day Game
Graduate students in Poland by province/ gender
Münich, Bilbao or Venice?
Travel Guide company lonely planet is sold at 119million dollar loss
Africa: the best places
Day drinking spots in Manhattan?
Safety and Security Concerns While Overseas
International Child Support Compact Member Country List
Personality traits of men that go to different countries to hunt for women
Tipping to get a hotel room upgrade ?
70% of Argentinian women think they are ugly
Just arrived back in the US for the first time in years - my impressions
Saint Patrick's Day Game
Any of you use "MeetUp"
Breaking in to a social circle
EU to ban porn and 'sex tourism'
Forum 3 Page 121

Recommend place for LTR, 3-4 weeks, Slavic preferred
Traveling solo for a month in april
live like a king?
Porto vs Lisbon
Moscow Clubs hot in March 2013
Good date ideas in Toronto
Surf Towns In Peru
Downtown Toronto Talent
Cost of Living: Morocco
Jordan
You should hit Chicago this weekend - Hairstylist Convention
Best Cities For A Party Junkie!?!?!?
Every10GivesmeA10's adventures in Miami Beach
Worst country in the world to be a man
I need VEGAS help for bachelor party...
Where Should I Move?
Ibiza,Spain Questions
Scam Central
Black Men in Brazil
North Port, Florida
Mark Ames: "A White God in Minsk"
Greek travel warning
And you thought there was an issue with American male masculinity...
Where to be - Europe - Summer 2013
China is still the Great Unknown
How do Latin Americans feel about the Indigenous people?
Guys in BC Canada rejoice !!!
Info needed on Singapore, please weigh in
New TSA Guidelines
Internet Game/ Pipe-Lining Tool - Semi-Open Beta.
Do We Unfairly Hate On Where We Are From?
Cluj mini-sheet
Once in a decade sale to Brazil
Strategies for making good contacts in other countries before visiting?
Guadalajara
Leon Nicaragua Data Sheet
10 Days in EE/Balkans with family...suggestions?
Should I give up on Ukraine..what about  the other slavic countries?
Montego Bay, Jamaica
DATA: Trysil, Norway
Forum 3 Page 122

JetBlue Launches New UNLIMITED Pass
Medellin Escape - tours/VIP/concierge
2012 State of Well-Being...guess what the happiest "large community is"...
Bulgaria
Pussy Hell = Australia?
In Communist China, woman rapes you!
Moscow or second tier cities
Datasheets  Philippines: Manila, Davao, Boracay
Acapulco\Cancun\Merida 2013
Using Rosetta Stone to learn French, recommended?
Need recommendation for US/CA city
Applying for Work in China
Friendly Reminder from the Tourism Board of Paraguay
Davao City, Philippines logistics
Full Year Student Exchange to Lund University… Fill me in + some insight
Who's been in Somalia lately?
truck driver  game?
Moving improve lay count significantly?
The best country to learn game in
Skiing in Norway
Choosing A City: Russian Regions By Average Wage
The Decline of the Japanese Woman
is greece a poosy paradise?
Paying bills at home while being abroad?
What part of Manhattan should I live in?
Flag-hacking
Edmonton?
Sao Paulo, Brazil
Medellin for a few month ?
Denver, CO
Lost my virginity in Cambodia
will Rodman get flag in North Korea ?
Terrible Logistics, how to deal with it?
Data Sheet: Rolling Solo in Dominican Republic -- Santiago
Countries with most butterface and least butterface.
1 year in Japan
Belém do Pará: Gateway to the Amazon
Travel advice spring
Where can you retire like a king on 4k a month?
Whats the smallest city you've gotten laid in?
Forum 3 Page 123

Should I go to Kiev for a media appearance?
Avianca tip for inter-Colombia
Homesickness - There is no place like home?
St. Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands
Europe in April - Need Some Tips
The Central London datasheet
PROD3GY's Montreal Data Sheet and Review
Cities with best public transportation
Spending the whole summer season in a Greek vacation spot.
Thailand challenge
1300 USD a month, stay where?
The FSU - The Last Sanctuary
Where to go in 3/4 Weeks??
Boston #1, WashDC #3 cities for single men, SF #1 for women. NYC unranked.
freshcreams 2 year latin-american travel log
Estonian Trip Report
My impression of different nationalities (1 Man's biased opinion)
Preparing for a little raid in Rio
The princess complex is spreading to EE
5 Potential Reasons Why The D.C. Area Is Filled With Ugly People
Central Asia and the Caucasus
London and Paris clubs that play hip hop
Istanbul
Spring Break 2013 destination?
The New Street Carnival in Rio
Alberto's London Datasheet
Tricks to earning Bonus Miles
Making the best out of living in a mediocre city
Going to Veags, any tips?
US Airways Buy miles promotion
SouthBeach vs. Vegas for a weekend ?
Where should I travel to?
Ko Phi Phi vs. Boracay
Black in SE Asia
Nonpareil's China Adventures
Was ROOSH hiding poosy paradise from us all this time?
Travel Insurance Recommendations?
Atlantis Nassau Bahamas
Putin's secret weapon to boost Russian fertility
Where's Argentina headed now?
Forum 3 Page 124

Your favourite Bangkok after hours club???
Bolivian Dirt Village
How To Pipeline Thread
Is it time I stop writing about specific clubs?
Weekend trip to Paris
I need advice on pick up in guadalajara/mexico city
New York: March 15-17
Is there many asian girls in Montreal ?
Suggestions for Nightlife in Santa Monica
Going to Brazil and Argentina.. Need Advice!
When SAFETY becomes an issue in finding girls in certain locations
Rio de Janeiro's Real Estate Bubble: An Overview
Berlin
My three month Thailand trip
El Abayarde- Inside the Atlanta city limits
Turkey: Future Muslim "Superpower"?
NYC-Stanton Social Monday-Report
Summer in NYC? Bang more than 20 women?
Vietnamese girls
Cabo vs Mazatlan vs Puerto Vallarta
Flying to Sao Paulo on Wednesday on Whim; No Backup Plans, any Advice on "Hustle"?
Thai Women
Mexico City 11/8 - 11/12
Reykjavik Independece Day Holyday (June 17th)
Agressive Flakes vs Passive Flakes
Weekend (Fri-Mon) Travel from D.C. to anywhere late February
Flags
Read this before Travelling-MUST READ-
MIAMI - Temporary rentals
Prague, Czech Republic and Budapest, Hungry
do all attractive european women want to be mothers?
Training in Pattaya
South America or SE Asia? Help! Need Advice RE Living Costs et al
Any NICE City for $1500/month or Under?
There's just something about being American...
Anyone want a portable income?
Pics of Taiwan
Mainland Visa from Hong Kong
Article about Bang Ukraine in the Kyiv Post.
Bali / Ubud
Forum 3 Page 125

British or Australian accents in America, truly easy pussy or overhype?
Moscow internship for one month
One big night in Bangkok - what would you do?
Interpreters
What Languages Do You Speak?
Cameroon and DR Congo (any info?)
Musings on Latin American Chicks
Beginner
2013 Euro Summer/Spring Trip EE/FSU
Coachella 2013
Natal, Brazil
Biking in Asia
How Many Different Girls a Month For a City to Make You Happy?
Turkey Boat Trips
David, Panama, Chiriqui
Belgrade in Winter - Trip Report
Detroit
Going Solo In A New Country?
Police up death toll to 245 in Brazil club fire
Guide to Finnish Ski Resorts
Itching to go back on the road...
So.... unfortunately still in DC.. But there is hope
Safari across Africa
Tips for a week in Manila
Miami vs Germany
Internet and Phone in the DR
Female sex tourists in Kenya
Traveling with a Woman: Who Pays?
SE Asian itenerary
YMG does Phuket
48 Hours in Kuala Lumpur
D.C. Sightseeing, Getting Around Town, Dining, etc.?
Barcelona and Sevilla Data Sheets
What luggage do you travel with
San Diego, Los Angeles or Miami
"South East Queensland"
Do you cut local sim to micro sim?
Should Black men take a trip to Ireland?
Places where black Americans do well with Afro-Latinas?
Vegas Jan 11- Jan 15 data
Forum 3 Page 126

15 Day Vacaction in South America
Anything good to do in Rome?
America Votes: Favorite cities for singles
Weekend in Vegas
Travel Hate
Ease of Lay on a scale of 1-10 In South and Central America
Black in Brazil
Ukraine Oh oh: FEMEN "Topless Warriors"
Balkan Power: Serbian cuisine comes to Capitol Hill
Pachuca, Mexico
Has the news coming out of Brazil changed your plans to go there?
Tacoma, WA USA
This is what a white trash gay club looks like
The big leagues, Punta del Este, Uruguay
Where to pick up local Cartagena chicks?
Social Circle and Benefits
Thailand Hotel/Accomodation Bookings
Black Guyz Adventures in Brasil
Extreme Pipelining?
Who Has Done Well With Couchsurfing in South America?
Ukraine Thugs Go After Sex Tourist
Georgia allows 360 days visa-free for 1st worlders
For those going to Norway/Oslo - Cost
So Close I Can Taste It (Leaving DC)
Gifts to bring back
What I learned from having 2000+ European girls as FB "friends"
Bogota, Colombia?
Become a CouchSurfing Guru
Anyone Been to Spain?
1 year in Latin America. Where would YOU go?
Have questions regarding E-2 Visa for English teacher, Korea
Easyjet to Moscow begins!
Nashville , Dallas area, or Charleston SC ?
Phone Options for International travel
Nashville or Durham/Raleigh?
the only way for gaming foreign chicks in shanghai is night club game
Travel Bum Show: Episode 5 - A Cancun Diary
My Couchsurfing profile is finished
Carnival in Venice
Colombia's craigslist?
Forum 3 Page 127

anything good in Philadelphia?
Nytimes: The 46 Places to Go in 2013
How do members in Asia watch the NFL/NBA?
yo, how do u start up an English teaching gig in a random city?
A Night Out in a Club in The NE of Brazil.
Stockholm or Amsterdam? Looking for European blondes who speak English
Is there hope for DC?
Best European City For Daygaming?
Best US city for player lifestyle
Moving to North Carolina
Bang Iceland reviews
Roosh's London Report
Northern New Jersey
Training Muay Thai in Thailand
Rio Documentary
Gringo Tuesdays?
Experiencing Florida
Escape Dubai-help!
Travel Bum Guy just got signed
Foreign-born Latino Women vs. Americanized Latino Women?  (Both of waste of time?)
Recouping Taxes in Another Country?
Is NYC Metro area worth it if you do not have access to Manhattan?
any of you international playboys have any dogs as pets?
Easiest Countries for Americans to Stay in Long-term
Venice MINI REPORT - Confusing top shelf FSU babes part deux
For NYC members
Speaking Thai?
Dating websites before trip(colombia)
Africa choice: Lome or Bamako
I.K.E. The Beta Attacks Again!-- EE in Winter
You Guys Been Flying Into Thailand With One-Way Tickets?
Getting a Visa to stay long term in colombia
Anyone familiar with Jersey City??
Oklahoma City - data sheet
Spirit Airlines start service in Minneapolis
Question about flying to Colombia
Travel Hall Of Fame
Odessa, what are you waiting for?
LA neighborhoods besides West LA
Intel on Irish Girls?
Forum 3 Page 128

Most competitive gaming cities
Riv fucks a beautiful blonde in Berlin
Turkey - Istanbul
gender neutral sweeden
Staying in DR for one week, tips of places to stay
Cheapest country for intestinal surgery
Peru Trip Report
Good deals on airfares
Pipelining via VK
What Is On Your Travel Docket For 2013?
Chennai, India
State of Louisiana speaks french creole..hmmm?
Ft Lauderdale/Boca
Sky John touring South East asia  Vlog
Russia or Ukraine(spec. Lviv or southern Russia)
Mexico and Colombia
Any snow birds here?
Best African Countries and Cities
New law guaranteed contraceptives for Filipino women, paves way for divorce law
Lithuanian and Estonian questions for roosh
Brazil hit by horrible crack epidemic
In which countries men have more problems to get laid?
Small towns are better?
I am in Berlin right now
Manizales, Pereira, Armenia
2000$ for Two Weeks America
The Value of the Middle East
MyLangaugeexchange.com Review
Is this still how Medellin is?
Spring Break - Fort Lauderdale, 2013
Thailand Cambodia Visa Agreement
For the next 2 years, which city should I live in?
black chick fever? where to go?
Lithuania, vilnius
Why did Roosh skip over France, Germany, Austria, etc.?
Scams to watch out for while traveling
Daily Routine While Traveling
Newbie returns from FKK OASE Frankfurt
The Girls from The Ecuadorian Coast
Michel Thomas Course - Do You Need "Start?"
Forum 3 Page 129

Data sheet on all of Russia
New Years 2013 Plans
Officially in Chile !
Did I just get scammed at a tea house in Shanghai?
Is it really like this in Russia?
"Countries where people workout most"
Riga – Thoughts of a Latvian
Career (NA & Western Europe) vs Women (Latin America & EE)
second tier cities in east europe
It is going to be cold.......
LOT (Polish) Airline-anyone got info?
getting laid in Turkey
Least "sexy" countries in the world
Promiscuity Across Countries
Information difficult to find about Brazil
going to medellin
Vayable- Where you create your own tours
Cardiff Wales - night out!
$6000 Tour of The Americas- Every City you could ever want to hit..
Interesting view on travel in India
2013 Spring Break Ideas
Eastern Europe stigma?
need to kno price of columbia trip
How Long Until Foreign Women Become Ruined and Westernized?
Thailand Plans High-Speed Trains To Chiang Mai And Beyond (Myanmar and Malaysia)
Turk Sex tourist hunted in Ukraine
Best European winter destinations
BrazilCupid.com Free Communication for 12/13 & 12/14
Moving to Shanghai in December
S.E. Asia vs Eastern Europe
Where to go in SF with my bros?
Easiest place to get laid in S.East Asia.
where is everyone getting there money and free.time from
Logistics in Brazilian Cities
My Paris data sheet (October 2012)
Best beach destinations
Hong Kong
How to distinguish travel hype from reality
Latin America for three months...thoughts?
The Fatty Epedemic:What Countries in Latin America Have Succumbed?
Forum 3 Page 130

Delta and Virgin Atlantic Hook Up on London Routes
Which country should I choose to do the Erasmus Year?
January - March Travel Destinations
Shenzen - Who has been there?
Brainstorming Product Promotion Ideas for a Travel Niche Site - Your Input?
Geneva - Switzerland
Sunday Night in San Francisco
Most surreal places to visit - Quora thread
Soviet Era Women
New Years Destinations
Where to hit next?
High Value in LA compared to other cities
6-Night 20s & 30s Spring Break Singles Cruise
Does Brazil have the ugliest cities on the planet?
How to become an expat and work for U.S. companies abroad ?
NYC Penn station taco bell game
Toronto - New Year's Eve 2013
Where should I go to complete my online masters?
Cities in Indonesia with Diving/Fitness/Language
Kazan report
U.S. City with most friendly women ?
Best Cities In The South To Be A Single Man
Travelling to Asia - DIARRHEA
Least developed Countries
25 to 30 Yr Old Women in Brazil
Top 10 Worst Cities To Live In
Best Undeveloped Asian
Cruise ship game
Best City with The Most Beautiful Women
Elevator Ghost Prank in Brazil
Hostel Experiences
Israel -- Kibbutz Life [Datasheet]
Ukraine vs. 2nd Tier Russia?
What´s happening with the women in Brazil?
Atlanta ...... Short Trip Report
Watch your tongue: Prejudiced comments illegal in Brazil.
Cool site: Expatistan.com
Traffic
Argentinian city with snow for christmas.
Mark Manson's nightlife picks
Forum 3 Page 131

Cape Town Data Sheet
Beaches in Uruguay
The Simplest Way to Find a Pussy Paradise
Would you trust a Russian airline?
Idea for saving money on plane tickets. Will it work?
Sofia, Bulgaria
Travellers, Expats (even just certain countries) services or products needed?
Ferias de Colombia
Serbia + Belgrade Datasheet to follow...
Georgia info?
Beach towns around Sydney?
Looking for epic winter travel ideas and possible travel companions
Emigrating to a country
Cartagena
Chinese airport brings on cheerleaders to soothe stranded passengers
buying precious stones in Burma?
Yellow fever
Swedish House Mafia concert tonight / Antwerp, Belgium
Understanding Balkan Power
Best place or other for Study
Is it time for a newbie travel forum?
Belgium - A good place to live and swoop ?
What Country Have You Had The Most Last Minute Resistance?
First time traveling alone
NYC NYE Tickets
Going to Berlin in December
Bang Ukraine review copies
Houston, Dallas, or San Antonio???
relocate to Europe : Prague or Warsaw ?
The American Apparel neighborhood selection strategy
Best Destination for this?  EE / Ukraine / even Russia
What do you want out of foreign women?
Hours to learn a language
Cities with the most English-Speaking Expats
Finland outside of Helsinki
Traveler's diarrhea
Wheres BANG UKRAINE?
Body  Brains  Attitude - Cast Your Votes
City/Country with the rudest people.
My Jamaican reggae
Forum 3 Page 132

Cool Site For All Things Travel...
Finding isolated expats in non-Western Cities
Do you know a good International Sim Card with 3G Internet Access ?
Anyone Here LIVING in Bangkok?
St.Kitts
My Atlanta Weekend- a few tips
Goa for New Years
Why you didnt kill it in poosy paradise
ATLanta
Peacocking PUA cleans house in Cebu.
The Best Data Sheet You Ever Read?
Continue Portuguese or move on to French?
Worst Case Situation I need a cheap country to life in.
Where in brazil can I find this  type?
Two reasons Deb and IRT should visit NY
Tips for gaming non-English speakers?
Vegas on a budget
My Taiwan Datasheet
Trinidad
Sex Tourism giving us travelers a bad name......
Medellin super data, featuring Uncle Mixx
Streets paved with Pussy: Glory Days - Past, Present & Future
el-mechanico's Hispanola adventure
Naughty Nomad Book Reviews
Is bodybuilding/fitness an impediment for world game?
Where next in Russia....
Learn Spanish Like Crazy - lessons
Its official no more crazy tubing in Vang Vieng Laos
DC Happy Hour Game
High Status Jobs in Finland
I-94 Going through the US border
Yerevan, Armenia
Thanksgiving 2012 trip to anywhere
Kiev Report (2012)
South America Dont say your atheist?
Misconceptions about US game vs Intl Game
KIEV Trip report - confusing top shelf FSU babes
What do you like about EE women?
Berlin relocation
Brickell Date Spots/ Scarletts Data Sheet
Forum 3 Page 133

Sex Tourism giving us travelers a bad name......
Medellin super data, featuring Uncle Mixx
Streets paved with Pussy: Glory Days - Past, Present & Future
el-mechanico's Hispanola adventure
Naughty Nomad Book Reviews
Is bodybuilding/fitness an impediment for world game?
Where next in Russia....
Learn Spanish Like Crazy - lessons
Its official no more crazy tubing in Vang Vieng Laos
DC Happy Hour Game
High Status Jobs in Finland
I-94 Going through the US border
Yerevan, Armenia
Thanksgiving 2012 trip to anywhere
Kiev Report (2012)
South America Dont say your atheist?
Misconceptions about US game vs Intl Game
KIEV Trip report - confusing top shelf FSU babes
What do you like about EE women?
Berlin relocation
Brickell Date Spots/ Scarletts Data Sheet
Differences between Armenia, Georgia, Azerbaijan?
10 freeway Jacksonville to Los Angeles
Thai Airways
Bay Area feminist chicks
Experiences with Phuket Thailand
Best European Ski/Snowboard Destinations 
Oakland CA
I'm spanish,I'm living in Spain and I answer questions about spanish women
Mini Meetup - Toronto - November 5 (UPDATED: venue selection)
Volunteering Abroad: Anyone done it?
Tim Sharky Ward
What's going on in Baltic countries?INCREDIBLE!
Any datasheet on Indianapolis yet?
Gaming EE girls
Colombia vs brazil? i
greek girls are the best catch!!
Breast Size Map of Europe
Help Coyote Slip the Noose
BsAs Return and Further Argentine Exploits
Forum 3 Page 134

New Years
Where should I go?
The night I got my Ukrainian flag
Guatamala data sheet?
Wearing down a non-slutty sex slave
Anyone travelling in europe in nov 2012 or early march 2013
Your Travel Philosophy
Arabic or Farsi?
Davao City, Philippines what to pack
What's the best game to run on Turkish girls?
Stuck in New York near LGA
Mini-Europe trip wrap up summer 2012
When a flag might not be a flag
Is Montreal the last hope for poosy paradise in the Anglosphere?
Anyone in Montreal tonight?
moving to Cuzco Peru in January
Have you ever captured a flag without knowing which flag it was?
What is your travel backstory?
1 night roppongi japan  - halloween
Colombian North Coast
I'm bearish on Thailand
Another Brazil thread. Thoughts and observations.
Advice for Guys Going to Eastern Europe
Hotel or Hostel?
Medellin
DC Embassy Events
Maturín Venezuela???
What Are Your Wildest Travel Experiences? 
Many EE cities are shrinking
First Impressions Vietnam vs Filipina girls
USA vs Europe Pros/Cons
Learning Portuguese in Brazil
Game in Saudi Arabia
1 yr stay in South America
Two nights in Columbia, SC - tips?
[trip report] Rome
Official Forum Meetup Recap
Using Google Maps effectively when traveling & Waikiki Hawaii Datasheet Map
Riga, Latvia in 2 weeks - advice/tips?
Stockholm or Latvia?
Forum 3 Page 135

Get ready for some data sheets...
European Union Visa Express
My 10 night stint in NYC
Southern Philippines gets less dangerous
Some of the Talent Montreal Has To Offer
How many pairs of shoes do you travel with?
In the FSU they are gaming YOU
can someone translate these Russian PUA videos?
San Francisco Trip Report
Middle of nowhere locations for R&R
Thailand Experts (Maximizing 1 week)
Czech please!
Delayed Trip Report - Puerto Plata & Santiago
Forum Meetup - Washington DC - October 13 (UPDATED 2)
Americans vs Europeans
Baku, Azerbaijan
Shanghai or Tokyo
Where would you rather spend a semester studying?
How a Dangerous City Can Cockblock You.
East Europe Experiment
NYC best area to rent for a guy on a budget
Going to New York....need help
Have you ever picked a destination by random chance?
Don't Bang Colorado Data Sheet
Fresa norteña in New York
Rockford, IL
Peru- Lima Datasheet
Avoid atm fees abroad
Is Paraguay Underrated and Overlooked?
Oktoberfest (Munich) Data Sheet
Spring Break Vacatation Ideas?
Local Girls In Boracay Hooking Up Left and Right? 
First day in the terrorist hotspot of Mindanao, Philippines
Odessa, Ukraine Mini Datasheet
is it possible SE to become the next EE?
fourni islands-greece
Abkhazia: The Low Down
Skrillex Hair is Everywhere in Czech Republic
datasheet on Batumi and Georgia
Europe in October - December
Forum 3 Page 136

French single mom's...
Spirit Airlines to Charge as much as $100 for Carry-Ons!
any info about poltava / ukraine
Where to focus? EE or SA?
Forum Contest!! How much did I spend in Europe?
I'm going back to America
Sub-Saharan Africa - The Sexual Gem of undiscovered pleasure
Biggest decision of my life (Chiang Mai)
North American Ski Trip. Anywhere. Where?
5 tips for getting laid in Brazil
Spain / Barcelona or Southern France? (during winter)
Is it crazy to go to Moscow in late December?
If You Spoke Fluent Russian: Would You Live in Russia or Ukraine?
Finland- Turku and Helsinki
Expats Abroad: A dead Bat
Berlin hate hipsters
Anomalies with Mamba.ru
Philippines in late September?
Amusing Pattaya Expat Page
which country is ideal for supply porn industry with girls?
crazy weekend advice
Mexico City
I need a rundown Jaco, Costa Rica
Jackson Heights, Queens
Purchasing my flight ticket this week: Bogotá o Cali?
Toronto Women Moving To My City: How Fucked?
why latin america gets the shaft
Iceland Unleashed
Paragliding / Girl Hot Spots?
Jackson Heights, Queens
Has anyone considered  getting Isreali passport?
Prostitution is Legal in Ontario?
RVF Survey Proposal
10 bars to get laid in L.A.
NYC, do you focus on one type of girl?
Moving Into a New City Where You Don't Speak the Language - Whattaya Need?
Los Angeles Data Sheet 
Colombia July 2012 Medellin, Cali, Bogota
No humor, simple game
Boracay vs Cebu (Philippnes)?
Forum 3 Page 137

Jerusalem?
Sweden
5-6 days enough for Philippines?
Santa Cruz, Bolivia
Real Estate in the DC Area
So what's the deal with whiny sex tourists?
Nove Dvory, Czech Republic
Montreal datasheet update-Summer 2012
Moscow 2012 Datasheet
Map of Single Male : Female ratios across the U.S.
Is Brazil Truly on an Irreversible Decline?
Femen is setting up offices in France. Au revoir Paris...
Which language sounds sexiest when spoken with an english accent?
International Girl Awards Poll
Questions for Those Who Have Learned Russian
Medellin Columbia Women
Friendliest, most extroverted cultures
Where Would You Go With Four Days?
Peru- Arequipa Datasheet
Thinking of Moving to Buenos Aires
Peru- Ica/Huacachina Datasheet
Peru- Cusco Datasheet
Cuban Women in the US
Travelling by Boat
Europe and the 3 H's
Brazilian Visa for US Citizen Outside of US
Russian Women Truth
Driving in eastern europe
What countries to go for a virgin?
Anyone have knowledge of Mazatlan, Mexico?
No Fun Krakow
Moving Abroad - Dos and Don'ts
TEFL Certification
Enter Europe Schengen without a stamp
Recommendations for a New City to Stay in Brazil.
Starting a Rock Band in a Foreign Country
Starting up in LA from midwest
FSU girls - Taxi gambit
Big city vs Mid-Size
If you could live one year in any country/city?
Forum 3 Page 138

Need help for weekend in NYC: Asian Girls
Travel suggestions - Romania, Poland, ETC
Russia!
cheapest way to get from Hong Kong to Bangkok
Beijing Trip Report (August 2012)
Can Russian Be Learned Conversationally Fluent in 6 Months?
Over 700 Vintage Travel Films / Videos!
In Brighton Beach
Which Country has the most Plastic Surgery Barbie types??? and Dont say Colombia! lol
For all those who Love Russian/Eastern European Women....
Explorations in Koreatown
Slavic humour
Lyons - France
Best place to relax on the cheap
Question about nationality and sexual responsiveness 
Geezer back from Ukraine/Poland
Hindi Chini Bhai Bhai
The reformed Dash and Deb
Weekend In Santo Domingo Data Sheet
Southern Illinois
Trinidad and St Vincent
best way to travel from Rio to Sao Paulo ?
La Ceiba, Honduras Data Sheet
Blogs to learn more about Russia
Nordics & Baltic
JetBlue to launch non-stop New York to Cartagena route
My situation. (Advice needed guys)
Your top 5 list?
Tips for weekend in Warsaw or other nearby option?
Where to find more girls to meet in DC/VA?
Mexico
San Pancho, Mexico: Travel Report
Nicaragua
Identify this language please! (vid)
Pipelining the Internet Before Going to Poland
how to join mamba.ru with a us mobile number?
living on a very constrained budget in the Caucus
Doha Qatar mini report
Are czech girls sluttier versions of polish girls?
Virgins Abroad: What are your thoughts? (description inside)
Forum 3 Page 139

Datasheet: Lviv, Ukraine
Buying a Car in Europe
Kharkiv Datasheet
Festivals, events and carnivals around the world
Requesting a Grand Cayman Data Sheet
Doing well in a Touristy city
International Sex Guide for scouting locations?
Teaching One on One English Abroad
Dash's Korean Chronicles: Part Two (Seoul Edition)
Ulcinj, Montenegro?
Western Ukraine(towns)
Coconut Grove Data Sheet
Brazil wants more foreign professionals
Private Language Lessons.  4 Hours Per Day For One Month.  Anyone Do It?
Cheap flights from Europe to Sth America?
Upcoming trip to santo domingo, dominican
Moving to Asia
Going to Vegas on Labor Day weekend with a tight budget - any suggestions?
Migration in the Americas: US retirees flock to Nicaragua
The Philippines: Young 18-19 y/o girls for guys in late 30's
Krakow trip report 
Crimean Travels
Hersonissos Crete datasheet and photos Russian vs Scandinavian presence
Antigua solo?
How difficult is Prague?
Medellin tips
Favorite Spots in Las Vegas
CANADA: beyond the big three
Ios, Greece Datasheet
Best Place to Find Mestizas in the Philippines?
Not drinking in SE Asia
Travel Map - The Next Generation of Females
logistic advice in downtown Oklahoma city.
Patrice O'Neal talks about Brazil on Howard Stern
Travelling for long periods when you don't know the local language
North America Travel Recommendations
What Countries are best for 18-19 year old girls?
2 weeks vacation in Europe - where to go with chick?
DR trip
The Shore taking Italia by storm!
Forum 3 Page 140

Anyone living in Seoul?
Anti-western + xenophobic spots
RVF Ambassador Program
Asia then Europe
Travel endurance is gone
Help needed: How to stay in Europe long term
Taking counterfeit goods home
The Baltic Trilogy review copies
What to look for when touring different cities to find one to eventually settle in?
Two weeks to go anywhere
The Countries in South America that No One Mentions
18-21 girls NYC?
Impressions from Rio Carnaval (Flag Obtained)
Fort Collins, CO data sheet
Post-Soviet Capitals vs Secondary Cities
The NEW Naughty Nomad App!!!
How do you choose your Location?
Which Asian country is the Right One for me? (Thailand vs Philippines)
Acapulco, Mexico Data Sheet
Black Brothers: What's been Your experience with Dominican women here in the U.S.?
Des Moines, Iowa Datasheet
Mark Ames
Air Baltic 5 Hour Alert
How do we return home?
Washington, D.C. Photos
Budget hotel in Manila
Where are the dark skinned asian honeys at
Kherson Ukraine - Data sheet
Which area of the US is truly the toughest in terms of women
Annoying wingman comments/behaviour whilst travelling
Sri Lankan/Tamil Girls - DTF?
Busting RVF travel hype and misinformation
Thailand or Argentina?
My thoughs on bible belt USA (how it helped me, kinda a data sheet)
Bitch shields high  up on the Budva beaches
Best Places to Party and Game Every Night
Raw Doggists in Post-Soviet Europe
Why 'nice guy' game works in Peru
Girl gets hostile when I mention a vacation to Thailand
Is Anyone Happy Where They Are ?
Forum 3 Page 141

How is DC worse than the West Coast? (gender ratio map)
Moldova in August
Munich: where to find Southeast Asian prospects
is easy for latinos to seduce south european girls?
To Travel To Europe or Not To Travel To Europe...That Is The question???
Awesome Places to see in Thailand before I Go?
which country is the perfect sex tourism paradise?
The Naughty Nomad Book comes out Wednesday with Bonuses
Trieste, Italy - Datasheet
Montenegro for bangs - Budva?
San Francisco/San Jose
Olym-a-pimpian!
Help Me Plan An Awesome Asia Trip
Do Germans like Latino Guys?
Cross PNG by Foot
Universal Data Sheets
Travel headache
Barranquilla in October
why was Deb Auchery  banned?
The key to success in Russia/Ukraine
Blanked! Where in the world have you struck out
Job offers - where to go??
French African Girls?
How would you "beat the system" with the Schengen zone's 90-day rule? 
The 7 Wonders of the (male) world
Datasheet Organization Ideas
What bang rates are people getting in Eastern Europe?
Wings Map
Gaming at The Olympics in London
Lorton,VA   (greater DC?)
2012 Cuba Report!!!!
Ozora festival in Hungary
Caveman game works in Poland
Brazil Sexuality/social Documentary
Emechs DR cell ponzirama
Where to meet simple, introverted girls?
bored out of my mind in China, what to do
Spanish or French: Which first?
going to a <100,000 people town in East/central Europe
Labor Day weekend suggestions
Forum 3 Page 142

Do Thai women shave their pubic hair?
Guy pretends to be actor to fuck girls in Europe
Getting short term flings in Europe
So where are you going on your next trip?
NYC has become a COCK FESTIVAL
Bucaramanga, Colombia: 1st Impressions
Eastern Europe after Berlin Recommendations
Goth clubs/bars in London
Russian girl:  how to progress from SNL?
University times per country
Military Travel Stories (All Countries)
Is summer a draught period in E. Europe?
Running out of time to bang a local girl, help!
bouncing to a new city--finding an apartment?
Incase of Emergency?
DATA: Malmo, Sweden
NYC Art Exhibit Game
Eharmony and match.com for international dating?
Girls and Short vs. Long Stays Abroad
Kabul, Afghanistan
Spirit Airlines - Medellin
Silicon Valley Travel Tips
J1 Work Visa City Suggestions
Poland, Romania trip
Altea, Spain- Datasheet
Osijek, Croatia
Getting "known" in a town
Bolivia
Diatribe: why San Francisco sucks for hypergamous careerist woman
Is Romania Heaven?
The Managua, Nicaragua Sheet
Basque Region of Spain and France
Argentina Compendium
European Summer 2012
Rio
Ross Kemp - Gangs and Drugs Around the World
Work and Travel?
Washington D.C. Events at the Convention for July 2012
Utila Sunjam 2012, Honduras
hot hired guns in Ontario
Forum 3 Page 143

July Travel Promotion: Post a data sheet, get a free book
2nd Tier Cities that Need More Foreigners.
"Because French girls are difficult"
Montreal Talent pt.II  ( Yes or No ?)
nasza klasa and polish girls
Entering Thailand with a one-way ticket?
Where in the world have you done the best with getting laid and why?
cnn report on pua in china
PORTUGUESE IMMERSION COURSE IN DC...Preparing for RIO
Red Lake Falls, Minnesota
A Question for Members who Dont Like Asian Girls
Is there a niche for Minority guys with "Anglosphere" accents overseas?
Cyprus Data Sheet
USA: Red State vs Blue State, is there much of a difference? (terms of GAME)
Everything I thought about Brazil is not true
Where to go....advice please Gents.
Asian with light skin love to go to South America
Planning for 2 weeks trip aborad from USA.. Advise
Advice exotic look, travel to central/baltic europe
Tokyo Info/Impressions
Does anyone have a hook up on flights???
Odessa, Ukraine Datasheet
Anything Goes Thread:DC Related
DC in one picture
Another awful article from the Washington Post about DC men and travel
Azeri girls
Southern California, women there truly as picky as the reputation suggests?
SLUT walk in Brazil
Granada - San Juan Del Sur , Nicaragua Mini Sheets
Yelp in Canada?
Datasheet: Wuhan, China
More guys with game, more slutty Women Easier to fuck--Qustion about Poland
Tromsø, Norway Data Sheet
China - Shanghai
Anybody been to Ostrava, CZ ?
24 datasheets were posted in June
MissTravel.com - Free holidays for attractive people
Future of Slavic and FSU paradise maybe becoming western/barren shithole soon?
Datasheet-Panama City Beach Florida, US
Bulgaria or Poland for 10 months?
Forum 3 Page 144

what about łodź, poland
Free room, board, and food in Europe, BUT......
Russian girl in Manhattan Club "Why do American men not talk to women?"
Quixote's Adventures in Canada
Polish Paradise
Where should I go?
Poland or Ukraine city for 38 year old bar fly?
Scandinavia to Baltics
Palm Beach/West Palm - Home of the Rich and Powerful
Year abroad.  Where to?
Longterm:Krakow,Poland or Ukraine/FSU
June special: Post a data sheet, get one of my books for free
Brazilian girls - unexpected experience
Feedback on my itinary - Montreal/Sweden/Bali
travel health insurance
Ever been to Burj Al Arab Dubai?
Here's a good site for finding for a place to stay when traveling
Norilsk, Russia
Temporary language syndicates
Swooping on the Atlantic – Uncharted summer destinations in France
possible life in Slavic or Baltic places
French Embassy parties in D.C.
Latin Bars in Eastern Europe
What is going on in Paraguay?
Will females from PIIGS change due to economic decline?
Model Recruiting in Brazil
BKK for tykes
The Slavic Holy Trinity: Rus/Ukr/Bel
Pussy hunting package tours...
South American (Colombian) vs Eastern/Central European (Polish) girls
RIGA - Where do the locals go?
Vice - Shot by Kern
What is the best city to meet white girls with phat booty?
5 free copies of Bang Poland with the bonuses
Inside a Prague Brothel, Where Sex Is Free If You Perform for the Web (NSFW)
Paris Nightlife
BMW European Delivery - Datasheet
After returning from Europe, I feel really bad for North American guys... 
Robbed in Bangkok
Medellin Supermodels..Easy as 1,2,3
Forum 3 Page 145

Turkmenistan Trip Report
Banksa Bystriva, Slovakia (Datasheet)
Seoul Datasheet
We need to come up with an alternate term to "sex tourist"
Racism at the Euro 2012
Electronics through customs for profit
What Happens to a 6 in Washington, DC?
La Crosse, Wisconsin Data Sheet
24 Hour Bars/Pub Scene
Choosing where to move - A question to members living abroad
using bang poland for western ukraine/FSU
Flag Sweeps
Can you claim from two travel insurers?
Southwest Airlines Flights from $49-139 (Domestic US) Sale
wingman doesn't speak Russian
G, please do chime in...
Alicante, Spain
The country I have been in for the past three months is....
Older Dude in Medellin
Anyone Going To This in Jamaica?
I get the impression that life is very interesting in Europe. Accurate?
U.S. Dollar run in Argentina
Back from europe - want to live there for some time
The Layover: New York Edition
Will Colombia become extremely dangerous and poor after this??
Ask Men Top 29 Cities 2012
Where to vacation to, data sheet will follow
A how-to for hooking up in Shanghai
Miami- getting in real early on a friday AM
Can you change a flight on Ryanair?
Jasper, Alberta
Mid Aug to Mid Sep
Data Sheet: Lawrence, KS
Eurotrip Live Report
Reverse Pipelining
Two questions all travellers must answer
Washington, D.C., Web Resources
What city/country do you want MeXx to report on this summer?
Another round of where would you go.....
Weekend air travel via standby
Forum 3 Page 146

Anyone going to the Electric Daisy Carnival in Las Vegas?
Am I the only guy who thinks pulling women abroad is easier than the US?
Cost of living
Baltics VC Balkans (new perspective)
Travel insurance / medical insurance
Racism in Ukraine/FSU
Move to Russia permanently
European Student Imports into DC
How much would it cost for a trip to Branson?
What does it mean if a Thai girl has dragon tattoo ?
Dubai vs Singapore
Ukrainian Feminist Protest
Cost of organising Euro 2012 may make Ukraine even cheaper in the long run
DATA SHEET: Timisoara, Romania
Wroclaw: Putting the Elderly in Elderly Chat...
Coast of Spain this summer, where to go?
ultimate gaming pool
Details of Ukraine's 90 Day Stay Enforcement
ROOSH: Daily routine when in a foreign city
Why I like MyFreeCams.Com for practice,even though it's P2P
DR vs. MX City for a week and up
Ocean City Maryland
Industrial Shithole thread (Ukraine)
Road Trip or 1 week Holiday?
NYC- Best bar to watch a game and game chicks
The Toronto Guide for Success
Travelling with an illness
Medellin vs Colombia
The Travel Bargain Thread
santa marta june 2012
Bang Poland review copy giveaway (5 of 5)
Montenegro - Podgorica / Budva
crime in Ukraine
South america beach for June 2012
Fort Worth Data Sheet
Here's how to travel 25,000 miles without a penny
What's the big deal with the Philippines?
How to Stay in Europe for More Than 90 Days
Miami Russian Pawgs
Bang Poland review copy giveaway (4 of 5)
Forum 3 Page 147

Missing a good Moscow datasheet - any tips?
Bang Poland review copy giveaway (2 of 5)
Bang Poland review copy giveaway (3 of 5)
My Ongoing Notes On London
Electric Toothbrush or Regular when traveling?
Text Messaging While Abroad
Virgin Atlantic allows cellphones during flight
Bang Poland review copy giveaway (1 of 5)
Bang Poland review copies giveaway
Depression on leaving Balkans - Roosh isn't exagerating
Discount on Reversible Travel Jacket
Tip for travellers to Thailand
san francisco style
Miami Girl Scale
Bremen Data Sheet
Where to go end of August/start of September?
Where To Spend Summer: Poland or Germany?
New life in Bogota & Figthing the feminist Virus
Intercultural Game 101
Foreign women who move...do they adapt?
A young retirement conundrum
Serbian women, I salute thee
The Suicide Forest in Japan
Where should I go after Industrial Shithole?
Rant: Brazil quickly becoming a franchise of the USA
Is Buenos Aires a Game Nemesis?
Clothes for Central Europe
Gasparilla Fest Tampa FL
EE for a month, where would you go?
Fittest cities for fit guys to meet fit girls
The Brazil Decline Thread
people have a greater reaction to emotional words and phrases in their 1st language
McDonald’s Lays Out Big Growth Plans For Russia And Europe
opinions on seattle?
The Next Adventure of Ali-B
New airline offers all-you-can-fly service
Living in Montreal
VAT (Value Added Tax) refunds?
An idea that can supplement datasheets
Orlando (next week)
Forum 4 Page 1

Soy - The most dangerous food for men
OFFICIAL INTRODUCTION THREAD
Call 9-11
Why Go to College at All?
Karl Lagerfeld calls singer Adele fat
Funny and Cool Pics and Vids
Is the United States going to start a war with Iran?
Forum "Lounge" - Everything goes!
How many books do you read per year?
Sex Crisis In Japan
Ewwwwwwwww...
A full quarter of American Women are mentally ill
True Display of ALPHA
Is Tom Brady A Beta?
Dont Bang Denmark hits my social cirlce
Loud, Fat, and Proud...
Male sex drive 'to blame for world's conflicts'
If you could meet one forum member...
Floyd Mayweather vs. Miguel Cotto and Manny Pacquiao vs. Timothy Bradley
Koch Brothers, Allies Pledge $100 Million At Private Meeting To Beat Obama
Anyone here do  dream interpretation?
The Greatest
Decoding Female Psychology: Pinterest.com
CNN's Roland Martin In The Hot Seat for Tweets About David Beckham SB Ad
New addition to RVF moderator team
Emasculated Japanse males.
Herpies scare
Legal System Spits on Navy SEAL
How old are you?
Top five regrets of the dying
Tucker Max retires, finds Jesus
Slowness on the blog and forum
Nightlife Blog groupie game, the early days
stubble vs clean shaven
College players paradise 
Would you guys hit this?
Carmella Bing Becomes a Fattie 
Obesity Rates Stall, But No Decline
Super Bowl XLVI 
Scratch-and-Sniff Jeans For Men SMH
Forum 4 Page 2

Notre Dame Cathedral in France is burning down
The Plane Crash Thread
Staring at wall-damaged women is harrassment, according to Australia
The Movie Thread
Pictures of Alphas with Girls
The Owen Benjamin Thread
The Google thread
Wall Victims
Mercedes Carrera, "based" porn star, arrested for child molestation
The artificial intelligence (AI) thread
Cosplay THOT Belle Delphine Makes 154k per Month Just From Patreon
The Sopranos Discussion/Appreciation Thread
Islamophobic, close-minded Clooney calls for boycott of Muslim-owned businesses
Ladies' Pole Vaulting Thread
Leftist Nutcase Roundhouse Kicks Pro-Life Protester
Inspirational paintings depicting positive values.
The Politicization of Dietary and Nutrition Advice
Shooting at mosques in Christchurch, New Zealand 2019
Boobs lounge (NSFW)
The Richard Spencer and alt-right thread
80s  thread, best of the 80s
The "I protest with my body " thread
The Tommy Robinson thread
Warning: Morbidly obese woman'sphoto
The Alex Jones thread
What is Orthodox Christianity?
Candace Owens Thread
Black hotness(rakishness for you!)
The "never hire a woman for anything important in your life" thread
Married with Children... the most red pill show of all time?
Is there any merit to the anti-vaccine movement?
Wild Wild Country
Wall survivor thread
Pope 'The Cuck' Francis Just Destroyed The Catholic Church
Name your Fantasy Dinner Party Guests!
Conspiracy Theory Thread
Dissenter chrome extension, by Gab
Women who have aged gracefully.
Girls & Tattoos!  Gone Too Far... Is This A World Trend?
Sex robots 'will be better than any human'
Forum 4 Page 3

Sex robots 'will be better than any human'
How porn screws up your brain
50 documentaries to see before you die
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle thread
Mark Zuckerberg's sister has a boner for the manosphere 
Funny and Cool Pics and Vids
Share Of American Adults Having NO Sex Reaches All-Time High
Characters In True Story Films/Shows Invented For Diversity Reasons
Talk About Fashion
Dwyane Wade is as BETA dweeb as they make 'em
Questionable Rape Accusation at Michigan State
Positivity / Good News Only Lounge
Amazon has banned Game and 8 of my other books
The Pewdiepie appreciation thread
Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
The NPC meme
Roosh Hour #29 - December 9, 2018 @ 1pm EST
Tinder Gets Height Verification
Charlize Theron wants someone to “step up” and date her.
The Nassim Taleb thread
The AnonymousBosch Appreciation Thread
Covington Catholic Collegiate Boys DC stand off with Native & Black Hebrew Protesters
The slow death of California
Touching isn't wrong ... when prominent Democrats do it.
New addition to the RVF moderator team
Which U.S. & Canadian cities would you like to see Roosh do his 2019 book tour?
Standing Outside a Window With a Boombox Is Rape Culture
An Excerpt From An Admittedly Mentally Ill Feminist's Autobiography
128gb Micro Sd cards
The Youtube Comments Thread.
Did Roosh Move to IL and Become a Cop??
Funny and Cute Animal Videos Thread!
Virgin Atlantic takes virtue signaling to insane levels
Anti-depressant drugs are so addictive that most people cannot quit them
The Jordan Peterson thread
The History of Political Correctness
What is morality? Who decides?
Author of anti-polygraph training book indicted on obstruction of justice charges
"Empire" star hospitalized in alleged hate crime
Explaining Sex Rate Changes
Forum 4 Page 4

Another example of how MSM marginalizes men.
The Joe Rogan thread
Paganism vs. Christianity: What should the Western world follow?
Utrecht shooting: Three dead after attack on tram
Man goes on Tinder date that ends up being a Hunger Games-style competition
Lesbian couple does a Thelma & Louise, except with a car full a kids...
The Material Pill
Most and least addicted countries / races to social media.
James Kunstler and Peak Oil
Built to Fade is Built to Like.
The E. Michael Jones thread
The Jeff Bezos thread
Funniest Forum Member Name
The Wrestling Thread
Black buying power to reach $1.5 trillion by 2019. Is it over for the white race?
New Study Demonstrates That There Is No Such Thing As Objective Reality
Rap/Hip-Hop Thread
The Generation Identitaire thread
The Female Teacher-Male Student Caught Having Sex Thread
The demoralization of the western world
Ways to fight the destruction brought by Social Media
The "The Left Eating Itself" Thread
Small Study Seems to Say Senoritas Swallowing Semen Spawns Successors
"Cobra Kai" YouTube Red series
Is Hollywood run like a Satanic cult?
Heavy Metal
The Twitter censorship thread
2018/2019 Bear Market
What Are Your Thoughts on Abortion?
Instagram soyboi gives up fitness to be a fat fuck
Women protest when asked to stop wearing tight leggings at Catholic Mass
Debunking the Gender Gap Myth
My New Book Release! 6 Inch Dongs - How To Date A White Man
The NFL is dying
Phonograph (Vinyl) Record Thread
The Roosh 40th Happy Birthday Thread (June 2019)
Which forum members have you met?
Roosh V Store now stocking Ankle Bracelets
Let's have a laugh - share some jokes
Poor guy discovers he isnt the biological father of 4 of his sons
Forum 4 Page 5

Why do Women Read and Write Books About Violence Against Women?
Interesting facts/stories. An "Everything Goes" Lounge for Random Knowledge
Roosh Hour #35: March 31, 2019 @ 12pm EST
Posts that deserved recognition / praise
Jared Taylor banned from Europe
"It's Okay to be White" signs appear on college campuses
Woman Complaining She Is Being Approached
"Influence: The Psychology of Persuasion" by Robert Cialdini - Detailed Notes
Sign language for fun, education and game (warning: .gif heavy)
Generation Woke Rises Megathread
Documentary: How the Pentagon Censors the Movies
Jared Taylor banned from Europe
delete
Old short stories, poems and other literature related to today's events
82 Year Old Grandmother On Tinder Has 3 Dates a Week
The Pokemon GO thread
On the subject of Roosh's Heterophobia
Identify as a Sigma?  Sign up here (or just post your Sigma thoughts or observations)
53 year old age gap with this Serbian beauty!
Guy's wife cheats on him. Then she gets cancer.
Singer Cardi B Says She Drugged And Robbed Men Due To “Limited Options” As A Stripper
The quizzical nature of modern journalism --- today's topic, birth rates
Tag the Sponsor Exposes Instagram Hoes
Seattle man hijacks an airplane and dies crashing it
Master thread for my book Lady
Men's cuddling group aims to redefine masculinity and heal trauma
Super Alpha Djokovic reveals his motivation secret
An Intentional Community: Going Galt
Google Fiber
Bad family news
Women Talk About Their Experience About Being Gang Banged By Athletes (NSFW)
German family who owns Krispy Kreme and Panera to donate millions due to Nazi past...
Some good news: Hungary sees abortion numbers plunge with rise of pro-family policies
Finally, Some Good News by Delicious Tacos
More proof of Michael Jackson's pedophilia
What do you think members' posts look like?
Any of you guys MMA fans?
Alpha Songs
Russian Polygamist With 3 'Wives' Says He Punishes Them By Banning SEX For a Month
The Southern Poverty Hate Center (SPLC) thread
Forum 4 Page 6

The Orthodox Church
Roosh Hour #34: February 24, 2019 @ 12pm (and looking for chat mods)
The Worst PUA In All History (is from RSD)
Master thread for my book Game
German 19th century philosopher A. Schopenhauer "On Women" 
Student, 19, from Syria 'raped teacher at Swedish high school
Great Comments By RVF Members
What do you think members look like?
The most beta song on the planet
The RVF worst-case-scenario survival/preparedness thread.
Douglas High School shooting in Florida
Get woke, go broke
The Tucker Carlson thread
Trump Curse Strikes Again: Actress Felicity Huffman Arrested In College Bribery Case
Waleed Aly Thread
Call her Daddy Podcast
Man marries virgin cutie... she morphs into tattooed slut
The TV Series Thread
Shitlord hippie-boomer admins at University BAN Millenials from Netflix
The Vape / Vapers Lounge
58% Of Women's "Likes" Go To the Top 10% Of Men On Online Dating
Netflix Thread
College girl carries mattress she was "raped" on throughout campus
African Supremacist tries to burn alive 50 European kids, but MSM is not interested.
What are your unusual interests?
Red Pill Movies
Did becoming a father produce previously un-manifested emotions in you?
Meet The New She-Ra
Online-Girl Hamster Thread
The #MeToo thread
White Sharia
False Amber Alert Triggered By Vindictive Mother
The NASA Love Triangle: Women Astronauts Bringing Irrational Drama To The Profession
Switzerland - The new 1000-franc note
According to this vegan, men should have mandatory vasectomies
Andrew Dice Clay appreciation thread
Youtube has become the Tai Lopez Power Hour. Its hysterical.
Tight/sexy dresses lounge
Possible scientific basis for crazy cat lady syndrome?
Ghostwriter needed (Tinder/Bumble)
Forum 4 Page 7

What's The Best Way To Protect Your Identity & Activity Online
With dating apps women over 40 haven't hit the wall
Jewish control of Ivy League and other top U.S. universities
List Of Independent/Alternate, Or Anti Censorship Online Services And Sites
Man accused of mailing bombs to prominent Democrats to plead guilty
Recent trend: Employees "ghosting" on their employers
The Stefan Molyneux Thread
What am i missing?
Any F1 fans here?
Six thousand posts and all I got was this fucking narcissism T-shirt
Chinese Man’s Life with Beautiful Ukrainian Wife Envied
Beta and White Knight Thread
R. Kelly accused of forcing women into his harem by Buzzfeed
Write an intense/vivid story with 4 words
"He’s a 10-year-old drag performer, and he’s cooler than you"
New Louis Theroux Doc on Campus Assault
Muslim Mums Protest Outside School For 'Promoting Homosexuality' to their kids
Rich Kids of Instagram meets Hunger Games - Music #FyreFestival turns into nightmare
What Do You Think Other Members' Player Pads Look Like?
Hungary uses ‘distracted boyfriend’ meme couple in new campaign
Johnny Depp 51 to wed Amber Heard 27
Strong independent mother, 30, with 200 notch count is now ready to find a husband
Olympic Cyclist Kelly Catlin Dead at 23 by Suicide
Jaguar attacks woman who climbed Arizona zoo barrier to take a selfie
Squirmy and Grubs on Youtube.  Game recognized?
The Martin Shkreli thread
Elon Musk is falling apart
Film Review: "A Star is Born"
What's Wrong with America: USA Women's Soccer Edition
The Beauty of Asian Girls - (NO Porn, NO Nudity)
Drunk Lounge
The Confidence Pill
The David Icke thread
Extraordinarily well written movie with terrible reviews: Reach Me
DailyMail Encourages Women to 'Marry Down'
Man sitting next to a fat man on a cross country flight charges him $150
Womens day: Male Female brains not different narrative overplayed - Flawed Research
The U.S. National Debt
High School Senior Refuses to Wrestle Female
Common Phrases and Their Real Meaning
Forum 4 Page 8

Kiwi teen pleads guilty to murdering Kiwi young man while sleeping after playing Xbox
The dog Thread!
Mexican War On Drugs Is A Hoax, The Mexican Border Wall Is Useless + Other Red Pills
Eulogy for Luke Perry
Death Penalty
Women Ruining Themselves With Tattoos -- What to Say?
Thai Tycoon Sets Date for Tournament of 10,000 Men To Win His Daughter's Hand
Will Smith in the crosshairs of the leftists
problems with sleep
The Crazy Work Stories Thread
YouTuber slashes his female Tinder date's face with a knife, gets killed by police
Marvel Comics legend Stan Lee dies aged 95
100 Hookers AMA
Visions of a World Before SJWs & #MeToo
'Rape Day' Computer Game Where Players Sexually Assault and Murder Women
Milo Yiannopoulos Thread
Women obsess over Felon's MugShot
Man seen on video punching two women in Los Angeles turns himself in
Guy Who Lost $465k House and Sent To Jail For Child Support Converts To Islam
RSD Instructor causes stir in the Far East
Amy Schumer thread
Voice actor Vic Mignogna accused of Sexual Harrasment
Lindsay Lohan is Now a Muslim
PSY: I Got it from My Daddy
Is Your Favorite YouTuber Paid For?
Call For Advice: Friend Getting Divorced
In the wake of Proud Boys controversy, what are decent men-only groups?
Biographies
The Help-Me-Find-This-Thing Thread
What are your Favorite Movies?
Is Roosh and the manosphere a bankruptcy sinking ship out of ideas?
Saudi girl posts picture of cleavage one day after escaping "oppressive" Middle East
Scientists analyze Freddie Mercury's singing and speaking voice
That's When I Realized
Forum Memes and Glossary
I've been a member for six years and you fools have failed...
The Laura Loomer thread
Female Lawyer Allegedly Gets $3m To Betray Clients To Avoid Drug Trafficking Charges
Terrorist Gets Shot By Cop
Pugs are ugly and stupid
Forum 4 Page 9

1400 Children in Rotherham raped but police did nothing bc fear of being racist
Dumb Brazilian bitch gets arrested for assaulting man in MAGA hat.
Magic Leap's new AI woman is yet another in progression of sex bots
"Abused By My Girlfriend" Documentary - What Would You Have Done in His Shoes?
Do You Say "Bless You" When People Sneeze?
Best Book You Read This Year?
The Purpose of Political Correctness is not to Persuade, but to Humiliate
Types of RooshVForum Trolls
The Floribama Shore (MTV's new "Shore" show)
British Teenager 'Selling Virginity For £1million!
Friend's daughter got married - the groom is obviously gay.
Vatican Treasurer Cardinal Pell Charged With Sex Offences, No Real Evidence Required
PUAHate Reborn as Incels.is
9/10 holds hands w/Aus Tyrone as they walk to court for his assault case against her
Stay Safe Out There: Pinball Machine Eats Instagram Whore's Money, Rampage Ensues
Man Flees Canada, Vows 'Will Never Return'
Male-only draft is unconstitutional: federal judge
Navy Seal Don Shipley Deplatformed
UFC champion criticizes staging of play in Dagestan
Major Event: Very Important Australian/Global Figure Convicted of Über-Serious Crime
Should Women Who Joined ISIS Be Allowed Back to the West?
Luscious Latinas (NSFW)
Haters Lounge
SB145 (Wiener, Eggman) to protect AND legalize pedophilia. NOT MAKING THIS UP.
Cuck Pays £2,000,000 To Take a 23 y/o Dubai Porta Potties' "Virginity"
MikeCF Is Making a Movie About Free Speech
What happened to Cardguy?
Roosh is on The Sharpe Reality Podcast tonight at 5PM
Leftist Lunacy Thread
Roosh Hour #32: February 10, 2019 @ 1pm EST
Poll: What is More Important: Male Friendship or Female Companionship?
Long-term RVF project: Eliminating women's rights and the creation of a new religion
Youtube pedo algorithm discovered?
I'mma let you finish, but actually PUAHate reborn is lookism.net
Good Morning Russian Bots
Soros vs Xi(China)
Conversation with a Rothchild
Are you addicted to outrage porn?
I'm Interviewing Roosh on YouTube Today at 3PM Eastern/Noon Pacific
Israeli Man Defrauding Women Over Tinder
Forum 4 Page 10

Why Don't Jews Identify as Israeli?
Youtuber Finds Out What Happens When You Give Belle Delphine $2500
Tranny Goes Apeshit in GameSpot for Being Called "Sir"
Change to forum registration back to monthly activation
The Flat Earth Society - still going strong!
Wife Of Brazilian Millionaire Leaked In a Video Fucking His Security
The BuzzFeed thread
Roosh Hour Highlights discussion thread
College girls call campus cops on helicopter mom seeking dates for son
Roosh Hour #33: February 17, 2017 at 12pm EST
The Mike Cernovich thread
RIP James Ingram
Bizarre new beauty trend sees women coloring their ARMPIT hair
New Ghostbusters 3, starring 'hilarious' cumdumpsters
Offline Red Pill Conversations
Pictures of couples where the man is guaranteed to get dumped
Girlsdoporn.com lawsuit/declaring bankruptcy
Musician Ryan Adams gets MeToo'ed
Are there any large, active dating forums these days?
Why don't grown men just live in a fraternity together instead of with a woman?
Does national wealth cause feminism?
Gavin McInnes thread
German Girls Said They Love Refugees
Instaho getting charged for being a ho (after serving jailtime for being a ho) [pics]
Bald =  Dominant?
Brazilian politician Ana Paula da Silva defends outfit after receiving criticism
January 12, 2019: Happy Hour in Washington DC
Woody Allen Sues Amazon
Ayn Rand Had it Right
Gender Diversity Experiences Large Pull-out of Capital
Instagram thot throws chair out window, gets the police on her
Sneeze Strength Determines Dominance/Submissiveness?
John McAfee's advice - "Level the ego"
Blue pill, red pill, purple pill, black pill &... woke pill ?
Money Mayweather Outside The Ring
First Female F16 Test Pilot fired... reasons unknown. Yet I think we know.
Women Sue Yale Over a Fraternity Culture They Say Enables Harassment
Police Trying To Trace Mother Looking For A Date For Her Son
Silly girls put off having kids because of global warming
Woman Ordered To Give Man Back £180,000 Who She Met On Tinder
Forum 4 Page 11

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Girls & Tattoos!  Gone Too Far... Is This A World Trend?
US Court of Appeals: An IP address isn't enough to identify a pirate
People don't think rationally & WHY they think the way they do(my rambling thoughts)
New Transformers Trailer is a Feminist Dream
What's happening to American Men?
[Pray for Kona] impending destruction of Hawaii
North America’s first sex-doll brothel opening in Toronto
"Evolve The Definition"
New Netflix Series: The Staircase
Gov. Brown signs bill eliminating money bail in California
Frank Zappa Redpill Songs
Paul Joseph Watson thread
Milo Yiannopoulos Thread
La Casa de Papel (Money Heist)
Post-mortem Criticism
Texas law student forced to write 6-page essay on his "toxic masculinity"
Is NLP Worth Learning?
Do you believe in God?
Equality strikes again - man charged with 10 felonies for not paying on dates
Roosh Hour #19 - August 26, 2018 at 1PM
Debate: Cenk Uygur vs Dinesh D'Souza
The Free Speech Thread
Travel pictures
Should we read feminist books?
The Stefan Molyneux Thread
What are your unusual interests?
The "Transgenderism is Mass Hysteria" Thread
Russian woman with fake lips angry at American fiance for not buying $150,000 ring
Elaine from Seinfeld: Hot or Not?
My New Literary Website: Terror House Magazine
Study equates transgenderism to alcoholism and other mental disorders
Period juice in your food
Astrology
JFG livestreams interviews with two different porn stars
Why don't we write a collaborative book on the history of game?
Bill Burr: The ultimate red pill comic
Seattle man hijacks an airplane and dies crashing it
Is Investing in Big Tech Unethical?
La Rochefoucauld:   A Taste of 17th Century French Red Pill
Broadway Explorers Patriarchy in a World Where Men Have Been Exterminated
Forum 4 Page 12

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Feds seize Backpage
Human spam attacking the forum from India
New fat acceptance campaign (warning: fat woman picture)
Study: More ‘Ecosexual’ Professors Are Having Sex with Trees
Buzzfeed Goes After MRA's with "Follow This" Netflix Series Episode
The Mandela Effect
Woman, 18, conned out of £5,000 by ‘sugar daddy’
Delusion Damage archive
Forum organizational changes
SF Health Org Gets Rid Of 'Vagina' In Favor of 'Front Hole'
Norwegian minister quits after trip to IRAN with former beauty queen
Female prison guard quits to become porn star
The Flat Earth Society - still going strong!
Could you beat this thing in a fight?
Fake news: Muslim couple refused citizenship for not shaking hands
Woman successfully sues dating agency over lack of men
Bizzarre situation; My highschool friend..
Canadian MMA fighter catches his girlfriend cheating
Chanty Binx labelled a Victim in Toronto by City News propganda
Should the dissident right start using Chinese social media sites?
WaPo "study" confirms what we already know about online dating
What is up with the Farang Ding Dong Women?
Roosh Live #17 - August 12 at 1pm EST
Predict how RVF will be like in 10 years (2023)
Preparing for the Soviet-style collapse of America
Roosh Live #18: August 19 at 1pm EST
Feminism vs. Truth
Alternate Internet - Hyperboria, cjdns and LBRY
Survival TV Show: Alone
Drug Policy
My Nine Year Forum Anniversary
Upskirt lounge
Hugh Hefner dead at 91
Boxing coach fakes own murder to prove wife hired hitman to kill him
The Hole I Am In ...
The rise of alt right female figures
You're an old man, on a park bench -- Teach me what is.
The SPLC labels Return Of Kings a "hate group"
Wladimir Klitschko thread (not boxing related)
The USA, The Most Innovative Country In The World
Forum 4 Page 13

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
The Metaphysics of Land and Labor
Friend went from player, to sex addict, to willing cuckold.  WTF…
YouTube series "Man Enough" makes men complicit in their own demise
Jersey tuck in advice needed
Airplane turns around over ocean cause Roosh is passenger (Detained in Iceland)
The Lena Dunham Thread
Female CEO attacked in subway by "Asian" man, complains white men refused to help
#GamerGate thread
Boring money things time... Salary tax on self employed wage?
White male professors in UK will be assigned younger black women as "mentors"
World depopulation - Bill Gates says pandemic could wipe out 30 million
Wild Wild Country
Did the "Deep Subforum" disappear?
The alcoholism epidemic.
New HBO variety show says whiteness is a "virus" and must "be gone"
Violent brawl erupts inside nail salon over botched eyebrow wax, racism alleged
What are the most useful apps for RVF members.
Rapper DMX Bankrupt; Owes $1.24 Million in Child Support
Today is RVF's 10th birthday!
Neil Strauss' new book 'Emergency'
The most beta song on the planet
FIFA World Cup (Soccer Side Only)
My Macbook Pro is slowing down
Movies/Shows You Don't Mind Seeing Over and Over
Which rappers and rap group are in your top 5?
The Audible Book Thread
Chinese girls in Shanghai rate their own attractiveness
Glengarry Glen Ross headed to Broadway - all female cast.
My Red Pill Theme Songs - What are yours?
A guide to Drum & Bass music.
50 documentaries to see before you die
More red pill workplace rules?
Leo Dicaprio: Marry Or Not To
I like girls who like stuff
Effective counter measures for a bully that happens to be female and your boss
Swedish student stops Afghan man's deportation by refusing to sit down on a plane
Young model asks for money on GoFundMe, the female nature: extract resources from men
Dan Bilzerian - Is He "Hot"?
Review copies available for my new book Game
BodyBuilding.com owner Ryan Deluca gets cucked by Dan Bilzerian
Forum 4 Page 14

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Magic Leap AR Headset with $2BN Funding Is Released
Ruby Rose kicked out of restaurant for throwing fries at waiter
American Girls Be Like
Mobs Murdering People Over Online Rumours in India
Asian girl starts fight with McDonald's worker three times her size
Help me title my upcoming game book
Female awareness of male incels
Meghan Trainor's latest "empowering" song
Young Man thread- 25 and under
The New Tomb Raider is Flat
The John F. Kennedy (JFK) assassination thread - 22 November 1963
UK man jailed for 6 months for limiting her social networking use (and stalking)
How can you monetise your instagram profile???
The ADL has declared me your leader of misogyny and white supremacy
The Positivity Thread
Crazy Bitch Climbs Statue of Liberty in Anti-ICE Protest
Catholic countries not a safe haven for red-pilled men
Pictures of Alphas with Girls
American Women Have Never Been More Miserable Relative To Men
How Whack is The New York Times?
"The Dark Core of Personality"
My Dad is a Feminist
Game where we post pictures of women and have other members rate their hotness
Why are attractive women suddenly into cosplay?
Drone warfare is the future
Are Hispanics "white?" Science and cultural anthropology rejects the notion
Franz Kafka - Rejection
Futurism and technological breakthroughs thread
NFL thread
Seeking the Deepest of Connection
Beijing Bombing
David Goggins: Modern Warrior
What Songs Are You Listening To?
Doug Casey Talks Virtual Girlfriends, Soy Boys, Moore's Law, and Loss of Masculinity
Woman Gets Exposed For Falsely Saying Harvey Weinstein Raped Her.
Civilization is the ultimate symbol of male thirst
My analysis of TEDx talk "The Reality of the Sexual Pleasure Disparity "
Web Startup Idea
Involuntarily Cucked Dude Sues Wife's Lover, Wins $8.8M!
Will the economy collapse? (when is not an issue)
Forum 4 Page 15

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
MLB Players Getting Burned by Tweets they Made in High School
Roosh Live #16 - July 29,, 2018 at 1pm EST
Man becomes woman for cheaper car insurance, trannies triggered
Don't Let Frustration With Women Make You Feel Bad About Life In General
What It's Like To Kill In War And First Firefight
Time to Leave the US. Gays can donate blood.
Meeting the Enemy: A feminist comes to terms with the MRM
Juicy Jewesses [NSFW]
Mass shooting in Toronto
Owning a Zebra
FEMEN founder Oksana Shachko found dead - Suicide
Roosh and other manosophere authors quoted in NYTimes on declining sperm counts
Metal Gear Solid 2: A game ahead of its time?
Self-Improvement Guru is Responsible for Alleged Sex-Trafficking Ring (link)
Woman who tried to live the Sex And The City lifestyle admits she ruined her life
Professional gamer dumps 'world's sexiest weathergirl' to play video games
World War I Anniversary Thread
Moon / Lunar Eclipse
The steady death of the world's languages -- does it matter?
Monarchy vs Democracy
Did Anita Sarkeesian fabricate her story about contacting the authorities?
Traditionalist Catholicism and breakaway movements (SSPX, SSPV, etc.)
Millennial women are cheating more than millennial men, a new study finds
I Wish I Found This Forum Years Ago
Student Suspended, Allegedly Told ‘Looked Like Someone Who Might Commit Sex Assault'
Lady Police Officers decided fate of citizen by coin toss
High Status Men With Ugly Wives or GFs
San Francisco Logs 16,000 Street Shits a Week.
What do we get out of Africa?
Huffington Post and Young Turks On Incels Trying To Looksmax
Best English Language Bible?
Young girl and her little brother beaten at a Indianapolis playground
Heat Wave Thread
Super Alpha Djokovic reveals his motivation secret
John Schneider Refuses To Pay Spousal Support, Asks Judge For Jail Time Instead
Catholicism & Marian apparitions
Books on General Knowledge.
Digging Into Blue Check Twitters
New movie <<The Purge: Election Year>> is a total disturbing SJW propaganda orgy
Skypecast (c. 2008) replacement?
Forum 4 Page 16

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
What do you think members' posts look like?
This Guy Called Out Roosh For Saying Dating Sucks in Torronto
FIFA World Cup 2018 thread
Rape By Surprise
Rich Chinese Kid Faces Prison for Squandering $36 Million for Girlfriend
Natural Cycles: a certified birth control app from Sweden
Why bad technology dominates our lives
Luscious Latinas (NSFW)
Roosh Live #15 - July 22 at 1pm EST
Return of Kings link blocked from Google by false claim of defamation
Feminist Uses Example From Afghanistan On Why The West Needs Feminism
Rick & Morty: A Modern Tale Of An Alcoholic And An Incipient Beta
George W. Bush is smarter than you
Rebel Media Drama (Caolan Robertson, Faith Goldy fired, and Gavin Mcinnes leaving )
"Cobra Kai" YouTube Red series
He Will Not Divide Us performance "art" by Shia LaBeouf
The Edward Snowden Thread
Crossfit girl can't handle being rejected for her masculine body
Do NOT give money to Charity or an NGO. Their psychological warfare is relentless
Are there any large, active dating forums these days?
Boiler Room Sales Owners Make $40 million, Retire to Puerto Rico, and Bang 7's
Shinobu Hashimoto RIP
Is Civilization much Older than we're led to Beleive?
ROK
How porn screws up your brain
"Liberals" choosing very Conservative cities to live in: a hypocritical global trend.
Experiences that made you question the nature of existence/reality
The new browser from Mozilla's shitlording former CEO
Gawker files for bankruptcy
How thirsty are men?
Staten Island man dies after NYPD cop puts him on chokehold
Meet The New She-Ra
Superman goes MGTOW
Dance music
Is the unabomber right?
The MLB Thread
Roosh Live #14 - July 15 at 1pm EST
Duck You, Google.
Anyone watch Game of Thrones?
"What's the Deal with Men's Rights Activists and Asian Fetishes?"
Forum 4 Page 17

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Obama taking over Netflix
Panties Lounge by Mess O.
Bill Nye the ""science"" guy goes to push feminist agenda
Dog hates my prospective business partner
It's Official, Spain has fallen: Transsexual Miss Universe
Tinder Murderer - Indian Girl kidnaps kills matches; candidly cold terrifying detail
Ask for Angela Campaign to hit Australia (For women who feel unsafe on a date).
Foundation for Economic Education as a resource
Painless Tattoo Removal Cream in testing phase
Lance Armstrong: "I'd  ProbablyTake PEDs Again"
Ontario kids education comes back to normal thanks to Doug Ford!
Bipolar disorder - A manosphere, red pill, perspective
Leonard D Neubache Appreciation Thread
Why is libertarianism equated with autism?
Do American women have the biggest boobs?
Survivor: One World - It Sucks That We Need The Boys
Libtard Sciencebasedmedicine.org is Posting Anti-Masculine Articles
Lawsuit Just Settled:  Now Legal To Share Printable-Gun Blueprints for DIY Firearms
Arachnophobes Beware: Spiders' Massive Webs Take Over Part Of Texas Park
Jurassic World officially shit
22 year-old former Clinton campaign staffer and SJW activist charged with pedophilia
Is there any truth to Astrology and Compatibilty?
Red pill rage/MGTOW
Biggest red pill you ever had to swallow?
Miss Belgium 2018 is a Filipina
Japan doesn't bang
Hugh Hefner at 85
Why is it that transsexuals have only become a thing very recently?
Study: South Asian Immigrants To Canada Abort More Than Half Of Female Fetuses
The standup comedy thread
Funniest Forum Member Name
Post videos that made you a better person
More Proof That Marriage Ruins Alpha Men
"I Had Sex with an Investor"
Westworld
Did Fat Chicks Used To Be The Most Desirable In Old Western Civilization?
Intimacy and Subjectivity in the London 'Seduction Community'
The American Dream-A Clever Ruse?
100 prominent French women denounce the MeToo campaign
Steve Ditko, 1927-2018
Forum 4 Page 18

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Orthotropics, jaw position and facial attractiveness (my comments on pictures)
"Everybody is happy" - Sexy Police Force
Slavic Beauty (NSFW?)
The push to make the forum "apolitical" is actually very politically-motivated
Quintus Curtius appreciation thread
I was robbed by someone I know and will probably see again.
Jean-Claude Van Damme appreciation thread
Youtube livestream interview with UK Rotherham 'Grooming' Victim
Red-Pill Passages from Classic Literature
Joey Chestnut dethroned
Happy America day!
Aussie landwhale teen puts down the cupcakes and becomes hot
White Race Trolls
''Russian women are sluts for going with foreign tourists'' -Besedin states
r/Askreddit Asks Men who were Sexually Assaulted
Guys Who Might Merit More Rep Points
Brutal Bronx Bodega Stabbing Triggers Moral Dilemna
Man shoots up newspaper for reporting on case involving his "harassment" of women
Woman drives off with her man on the hood
Man starts massive fire after trying to forge a sword in his backyard
Company Prosecuted By Human Rights Commission For Not Employing Pedophile
What should I do with Nigel's Big Game Blog?
S&M-loving Hollywood exec keeps job after man dies in his sex dungeon - NY Post
The archive version of this form is being blocked by Google Safe Browsing
Happy Canada Day!
Pray For Kona-Volcano Erupts!
Katie Hopkins - Masterful Trolling Recognized
How can we end forum beef?
JetBlue’s founder wants to turn a 73-year-old airline & its home in Portugal into hub
Is there a leading Metric for Fourm Authenticity?
Women seeking large penis
Hollywood realizing their shitty comedy is a money loser
Untangling Cristiano Ronaldo’s bizarre family situation (NY Post)
Is Ubuntu a good operating system for privacy?
What is the best way to tell a girl you are not interested
"Boys Will Be Boys" Boys' Pullover Banned For "Promoting Rape"
Amazon Buying Whole Foods (I'm a Past WFM Employee)
Margaret Atwood supports due process; cue feminist butthurt
June 16 "Stop Violence Against Women" happy hour in Washington DC
China’s Mandarin Xi Jinping New Era Women
Forum 4 Page 19

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
I'm becoming a racist and I'm scared it may show at work
Well Proportioned Hamster Gets Arrested For Masturbating Instead Of Reading
"MeToo has made women employees radioactive" -- CEO blasts the fuck out of #Metoo
Sly girl scams burns a Billion Dollars Peak Silicon Valley: Elizabeth Holmes Theranos
USA ranked 10th most dangerous country in the world for women
The Safe Space
If you get knocked up by a Professional Soccer player - You'll get free Whoppers
And then the SJWs came for...Laura Ingalls Wilder?!?
Fat pig calls cops on child selling water.
What other blogs / forums do you visit?
Men are wearing miniskirts now (New York Post article)
Racial limitations
Men on LinkedIn are having none of the Pay Gap nonsense
I'm the Best Kind of Feminist
Banned members
The Grip of Black Women on Black Men
If you were dictator of America, what laws would you change?
News: Random pedestrian selflessly gives life to forward science of autonomous cars.
The autism thread
Types of RooshVForum Trolls
I might have oneitis
Awesome new interview by Tyson Fury
Oceans 11 To be Remade With All Female Cast
Forum Game: Guess the Next Degeneracy!
Fracking environmental effects??
Aliens and space
Chris Pratt Award Speech
Supreme Court Rules States May Tax Online Retailers
Feminist Slam "Sicario"
Characters In True Story Films/Shows Invented For Diversity Reasons
Australian Student, Uses Tinder To Ask Someone To Pay Her $110 Traffic Notice
Black Pigeon Speaks Channel
Woman Coughs Up 50 Grand To Freeze Eggs, Encourages Other Women To Do Same
Canadian clarinet player sues ex for deleting his scholarship offer
Self Esteem & Compliments
US Government court document reveals deceased AlphaBay admin was forum member
Free Speech Isn't Free review thread
Favourite authors/writers
Men want sex with fat women, but don't want to date them
Two black men arrested in Philadelphia Starbucks
Forum 4 Page 20

Jeniffer Lawrence & Chris Pratt in new pro-masculinity Passengers movie trigger SJWs
Facebook/Google should be forced to hire only Americans. At gunpoint if needed.
Jian Ghomeshi pursues rap career after false rape court case
Fraud Rachel Dolezal on food stamps, only offered jobs in porn
Man sues dating app Grindr after 1,100 men show up expecting sex
Next Generation Unblockable Uncensored Web Is Here
ReturnOfKings.com BLOCKED by SKY Broadband Shield today! 17/04/2017
What are you doin for Easter?
The color pink is a historically masculine color but culture ruined it
No easter bunny, how about a easter hamster
Article criticizes lack of African-American players in MLB
How The Free Metro Journal Is Dogshit Designed To Make You Feel Bad (Part 2)
Lake Oroville (California) dam on the verge of failing, 160k evacuated
8 Things women just don't do anymore
Retired Postman Has Over 1,300 Illegimitate Children
Scarlett Johansson to divorce, again
SJW Wet Dream: Thor Ragnorak
How The Free Metro Journal Is Dogshit Designed To Make You Feel Bad (Part 1)
Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle
Huffpo typist gets guy thrown out of bar for taking her pic
Uncle Roosh t-shirts (new)
On-Duty Latino Cop Challenges Rude Black Teen to Fight, Wins Then Gets Arrested
The Toronto Police Force is an Organ of Feminist Oppression
White couple(man CFO/COO of Tobacco Superstores) make racist rant in Turks and Caicos
Why I won’t date hot women anymore
Australian Rapper dines and dashes, jumps into ocean
Colorado Police Bodyslam Sorority Girl
Eerie noises in the sky heard around the world
How Long Is It? (Dick Measuring Contest)
Student-Loan Debt: A Federal Toxic Asset via WSJ
Fort Collins Pushes Females Exposed Breast in public
Useful links
Fat ugly feminist freaks out on woman after boyfriend kisses her on the forehead
Star Canadian Radio Host, Jian Ghomeshi's Sex Life Goes Public After Firing
Big Babies Blast Bar's "Binary" Bloke-Biased Band Booking
Rooshv photo meme on front page of the_donald
Ohio Woman Charged With Raping, Robbing Male Taxi Driver
RIP:  Charlie Murphy
Board Member Forced to Resign for "Like"-ing tweets
I was Headhunted
Forum 4 Page 21

NYC Uber passenger threatens to falsely accuse driver of rape
Installing Wordpress and NodeBB/Discourse together
Tide Turning on Title IX?
Some signs of life in the young in Prison Australia
The Bigger They Are, The Harder They Fall: Fashion Icon Crowdfunds His Own Stupidity
Census Bureau: majority of American babies born are now minorities
Male feminist lived double life of attacking sexism while tricking girls into sex
Man Dies Trying to Eat Half-Pound Doughnut in Shop's Eating Challenge
Student project on MRA/Manosphere
What's Wrong with America: USA Women's Soccer Edition
Sydney Cab Drivers Fingered In Phantom Shitting Scandal
Ridiculous Australian Feminist: Why I won't let any male babysit my children
Janet Jackson Is Pregnant With Her First Child... at age 49
Today Is Great: Fat Entitled Cunt Gets Put On Blast For Being A Fat Entitled Cunt
Alabama Governor JAILED on Charges Stemming from his Extramarital Affair
Muslim teen writes "BlackLivesMatters" 100 x on Stanford application, gets accepted
Shooting in San Bernardino California
Widower on trip with teen daughter ... staff call cops to say he was a paedophile
94 Year-Old Attorney Still Representing Criminal Defendants After 66 Years
11-year-old boy kills himself after being pranked by his 13-year-old (!) GF
Coastal College Coochies Caught Conspiring Copulation for Currency
Big Steroid Bust In Miami
The Nassim Taleb thread
Louis CK: Did he (partially) take the Red Pill?
Yale student says rape is "Irrational." Yale responds by investigating him for rape.
Mormon woman and her children denied entry into heaven for drinking coffee
Child Refugees Demolish Housing Over Lack of Game Consoles
If Red-Pill were a martial art, he'd be our sensei: a Fred Reed appreciation thread
RIP Don Rickles
The coming war with Iran
It begins: company bricks IoT device because customer posted critical review
Lindsay Lohan is Now a Muslim
Quote button not working on mobile
3 female police officers from Sweden fail to apprehend violent refugee
#LactateGate: Toronto Leah McLaren Enter a Baby’s room to “Breastfeed" Topless
Why are cities decadent?
Open Degeneracy: Inside a gay sex party
New York City Will Award 80$Mil to nonwhite/women businesses  =Trans time
Swedes are voluntarily implanting themselves with microchips to unlock doors at work
Academic Accuses 5 Female Students of Plagiarism, All 5 Accuse Him of Sexual Assault
Forum 4 Page 22

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Woman climbs mountain in bikini, freezes to death
PUA Dr. James Sears Arrested and Charged For Offending Jews and Feminist
Indian Canadian Doctor Loses Her License For Sex With Bedridden Cancer Patient
Slightly Red Pill Experience in Provincial Vietnam.
Any hockey fans in the house?
Thoughts on Mark Manson and John Sonmez?
UK Man 51, spends over $9000 on pictures of Cheryl Cole in his house in 6 months
Women seeking large penis
Slavic music
Rocha's Former Soviet Union music thread
Euro-Rap Thread
Ramzpaul appreciation thread
Netflix new documentary: Amanda Knox. Discussion.
The RvF Autism Epidemic
George Michael Dead at 53
The American Autism Epidemic
The Chinese Invasion of America has Already Begun
34 yr old Serbian Woman Kills 67 yr old Male Sex Slave with Oneitis
Sam Vaknin and Narcissism
Women's March shrinking
Woman in coma for +10 years just gave birth
Mayor of Gdansk Stabbed to Death on Live TV During Charity Event
Another career ruined by bad game(?) - Woman sues for sexism after texts from exec
Unpaid Worker Destroys Travelodge Hotel (UK)
16 year old Australian girl to wear colostomy bag for life after group anal sex
Irish Times: Women's biological clock is largely a myth
The Chinese do HR right!
Chris Brown Plans To Sue Rape Accuser For Slander
That's what life is man... You pay the bills.
Fund Manager Accused of Sexual Harassment After Texting Female Coworker Hotel Room #
The standup comedy thread
Trans-racial couple are as nuts as you think
Will we see a break up of the US in your lifetime or the next 100 years?
"Why Beauty Matters" by Roger Scruton
Crappy female coworker
It’s Always Sunny In Philadelphia: The Ineffectuality Of The Millennial Generation
Washington DC restaurant fined for asking male tranny for ID before using girls room
Philosophy: The Importance of Beauty
Above Average Asian Girl Ends Up Alone After Axing 20 Guys in Speed Dating Experiment
New Philosophy to take on Liberalism (Indo European)
Forum 4 Page 23

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
That's what life is man... You pay the bills.
Fund Manager Accused of Sexual Harassment After Texting Female Coworker Hotel Room #
The standup comedy thread
Trans-racial couple are as nuts as you think
Will we see a break up of the US in your lifetime or the next 100 years?
"Why Beauty Matters" by Roger Scruton
Crappy female coworker
Itâ€™s Always Sunny In Philadelphia: The Ineffectuality Of The Millennial Generation
Washington DC restaurant fined for asking male tranny for ID before using girls room
Philosophy: The Importance of Beauty
Above Average Asian Girl Ends Up Alone After Axing 20 Guys in Speed Dating Experiment
New Philosophy to take on Liberalism (Indo European)
Asian MMA fighter refuses to take picture with ring girl after harassment claim
Speed Dating: Girl Starts With 20 Guys and Ends With 0 (Funny Ending)
Why do so many men expect women to be perfect?
Writing an essay on neomasculinity
Mothers Shocked When Daughters Come Home From College As Men
Cucks Fighting To See Who Can Send The Most Money To Internet Thot
12 kids trapped in Thai Cave Complex
Norwegian Warship struck an oil tanker
Post about a manly thing you did today
Future of Rooshvforum
Fat chick goes on diet, gets unfriended by fat friends
Blue Pill Family
Feds seize Backpage
Ocean's Eleven (1960)
How do feminism, gays, Islam, false rape, broken families etc benefit Western elite?
Cosplay THOTS/Women In The Military: The Left's New Way Of Promoting Female Dominance
Famous Members of Mensa
How many men do you think your mom has slept  with ?
"6000 bangs" Playboy dies doing what he loved
Transgenders Turn on Transgender â€œWomanâ€? Who Wanted to Be a Man Again
Putin Pussy on the Pedestal: The Miniskirt Army
Chyna thot beats a bus driver with her phone to her death
White man gets mobbed by group of black female youth
Ugly woman crushes watermelons with her THIGHS... "believes" she scared off Roosh
Tesla Power Wall - Game changer?
The Generation Z thread
American Psychological Association (APA) deems 'Traditional Masculinity' harmful
Boxing coach fakes own murder to prove wife hired hitman to kill him
Forum 4 Page 24

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Theory: men who like sex with the woman on top could later crave being penetrated
The Baked Alaska thread
Tattoos
Second black man found dead in powerful liberal's home
Mr. Robot - new tv show
Street Interview with women on "Orbiters"
Are bartenders really sex symbols in the USA?
N.Korea: US student cries & admits to being "severe criminal" during press conf.
Tennys Sandgren, the media, the Establishment and the world of sports
Why do we hate gays so much??
Mecca swarmed by locusts
Logistics of an internet podcast?
Saudi Women Threaten To Emigrate En Masse
Jpop singer apologizes for talking too much about assault
Pakistani man pulls out AK-47 on dancing tranny
40% of Americans won't date someone with bad credit.
Disappointed Dad Discovers Daughter Displaying Derrière (on PornHub)
Are we slut makers or simply making the best of a bad situation?
PSA: Dont sleep on True Detective
90 Day Fiance Larissa & Colt Domestic Abuse
Mentally Unstable Woman Filmed Calling JetBlue Workers Rapists
Police charge two women with kidnapping for groping a transgender in bar restroom
KickAss Torrents [kat.cr] Taken Down by FBI
Five Polish teenage girls killed in "Escape Room" fire
Cancel Your Amazon Prime
Stoicism
Jailbait 11 year old girl turns instathot - has 3.3m followers
Jeff Bezos - Wealthiest man in entire world ever, to get divorced
The Millennial Woes/Millenniyule thread
Fleshlight 
Are you black pilled?
21 year old Jamal Murray is dating a 26 year old Instagram Thot
Realistic Foreign Movies
The Louis CK thread
Is the unabomber right?
Man who cheated on his wife gets HUGE tattoo to get her back
French Author, 50, says Women Over 50 Are Too Old to love
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos and wife Mackenzie are divorcing
British Army drops push-ups and sit-ups 'cos they are too hard for Women
World's oldest woman, 129, drops some wisdom
Forum 4 Page 25

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Man who cheated on his wife gets HUGE tattoo to get her back
French Author, 50, says Women Over 50 Are Too Old to love
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos and wife Mackenzie are divorcing
British Army drops push-ups and sit-ups 'cos they are too hard for Women
World's oldest woman, 129, drops some wisdom
Fraud Rachel Dolezal on food stamps, only offered jobs in porn
RIP 'Mean' Gene Okerlund
Why are Americans circumcised?
Finnish army forces soldiers to eat vegetarian meals
Fat broad is cover girl for running magazine.
Determinism thread; do we have Free Will?
Woman Pays $320,000, Keeps $5m Divorce Settlement After Ex-Husband Cuckolded
Woman, 20, shunned by family after falling for bus driver 22 years older
Airbnb goes SJW full retard
British intelligence ran elaborate catfish operation on popular Swedish dissident
An Introduction to Philosophy
The Marrying/Gfing Women That Rejected Them Before They Were Famous Thread.
Rejected Guy KOs a Woman
Muslims Least Likely to Engage in Premarital and Extramarital Sex
Chinese School teaches Masculinity
The John F. Kennedy (JFK) assassination thread - 22 November 1963
Herb Kelleher of Southwest Airlines, 1931-2019
I was in a huge fight against white knights at the club
La Casa de Papel (Money Heist)
YouTube 2018 rewind video dethrones Justin Bieber as most hated video of all time
Brazil: More than 30 men involved in gang rape of 16 year old girl
London bouncer fights of 9 thugs before being stabbed to death  (video)
Are We Entering a Technological Dark Age?
Review copies available available for my new book Lady
The member title system on this forum
Is Drake The Softest Rapper of All Time?
The demonetization thread (Paypal, Stripe, Visa, Mastercard, etc)
Dating and marriage in China is degrading like in the West
Floyd Mayweather: Boxer to fight kickboxer Tenshin Nasukawa in Japan
With American Girls, Every Day Is A Larry David Day
Elizabeth Smart Kidnapper gets pussy pass
Male feminist kills himself after false accusation over loudspeaker at women's march
World's Strongest Man
Best advice from RVF
Cash Me Outside girl is now a rap star
Forum 4 Page 26

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
London bouncer fights of 9 thugs before being stabbed to death  (video)
Are We Entering a Technological Dark Age?
Review copies available available for my new book Lady
The member title system on this forum
Is Drake The Softest Rapper of All Time?
The demonetization thread (Paypal, Stripe, Visa, Mastercard, etc)
Dating and marriage in China is degrading like in the West
Floyd Mayweather: Boxer to fight kickboxer Tenshin Nasukawa in Japan
With American Girls, Every Day Is A Larry David Day
Elizabeth Smart Kidnapper gets pussy pass
Male feminist kills himself after false accusation over loudspeaker at women's march
World's Strongest Man
Best advice from RVF
Cash Me Outside girl is now a rap star
"Study" shows that single mom households are as good as nuclear households
Forum Pro Tip: Add RVF to your browser's keyword search
The Leonardo Dicaprio thread
Muslim doctor in Ohio fired for threatening to give Jewish patients the wrong meds
Anti-feminist radio host ordered by court to co-host with feminist and not interrupt
Any fans of "South Park"?
So that's what a functional family looks like.﻿..
Futurism and technological breakthroughs thread
Happy New Year!
I been scammed online
Indian man gets his pick of 30 women
The Men Who Upgraded Their Women Thread
Best current footballer to have never won the FIFA World Cup?
Lebron James excoriated by media by posting about "getting Jewish money"
Mining the RVF: A compilation of repped posts
Funny Stand-Alone Comments By RVF Members
Be Happy Because You Stand Out Amongst the Victims of the Decline of Western Culture.
Random Thot Wins Trip, Leaves BF At Home And Travels With Other Dude (contest winner)
Atlantic article: Why Are Young People Having So Little Sex?
Gender Equality:  Women driving for Uber & Lyft
Female university student reports autistic male for trying to give her a fist bump
Scotian Appreciation Thread
Patrice O'Neill Appreciation Thread
Men want sex with fat women, but don't want to date them
Nothing on Christy Mack v. War Machine? (NWSF)
Oldest Living WWII Vet (111) Shares His Secret to Longevity
Forum 4 Page 27

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
How My Autistic Game and Massive Thirst Got Me Kicked out of Krav Maga [re-titled]
Merry Christmas, degenerates!
No Pussy Pass Presented for Pissed Off Pruned Passenger
"Men" in Black International
Man dies after injecting silicone directly into his testicles
More red pill workplace rules?
GOPer Says Girl Scouts Promote Homosexuality, Abortions
Norwegian series about sex trafficking+++
What other blogs / forums do you visit?
Woman can't answer simple question about which gender is physically the strongest
Sacha Baron Cohen at it again. . . (Who Is America?)
"Is 'platonic parenting' the relationship of the future?"
How Does Google See You?  Google Vision (API)...
NASA engineer creates glitter/fart bomb to punish package thieves
"The American Meme" Documentary
How Long Is It? (Dick Measuring Contest)
Male Sex Workers in UK
My favourite motivational video
Swedish women-only music festival found guilty of discrimination
What's up with viking fetishism among white nationalists?
Woman hits herself to 'frame husband for domestic violence'
Man donates kidney to new girlfriend he met on Tinder
Dave Ramsey "We need more men in this culture"
Is class at all related to men pursuing girls?
Super solider is in trouble for Super soaking sluts on camera for side job
Beta Male Husband Awarded 8.8mil from Alpha Male Banging His Wife
Timeline of the Jewish Genocide of the British People
Facebook busted again...
JFG livestreams interviews with two different porn stars
The autism thread
Radio Stations Pull 'Baby Its Cold Outside' Over "Rape Song" Claims
Guy With $100 million Net Worth Unpopular With Women
Cock Carousel: A New Hope - shrivelled 33yo Eurospinster locks down Turkish Chad
Aussie Beta Mad At Fat Asian Wife
Allow me to officially nominate Built to Fade for...
Teenager dies after eating slug on a dare
Serena Williams loses US Open plays the gender card
Video appears to show Michelle Obama's penis flopping around
Miss Spain to make history as first transgender contestant on Miss Universe
Salsa Music Appreciation Thread
Forum 4 Page 28

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Japan Eases Immigration Rules for Foreign Workers
Biggest Soy Boys on Youtube??
25 Year Old Nick Jonas Engaged to 36 Year Old Priyanka Chopra
The Cricket Thread
Best city to study in the UK
Orgasm without ejaculation
Sam Viknin Interview on Toxicity of Social Media
Best deleted scenes/outakes in movies
Media cover up about french riots / revolution?
Vitiligo - Having both light & dark skin at the same time, & it keeps changing
Paris Hilton ‘planning to become a single mom’
There is no plan
The Femininity thread
The Scientism thread
Man killed his wife to join male lover and steal her money
Global Warming Predictions???----I think not
The competence barrier
Latest South Park on political correctness.
Social media is evil
Good sources of news
How can we end forum beef?
Muslim Woman Files Fake Assault Charges Against Beta Provider Husband
Wife waits until he cashes out all his crypto and then immediately divorces him
Righteous Christian Woman Tweets Truth, Enrages Degenerate Feminists and Soyboys
Not feeling at home anymore
23andme and further ancestry analysis Data Sheet
Victoria (((councillor))) wants less Christmas, more diversity in city's decorations
Houston Surpasses New York City As The Most Diverse City In America
On Mt. Everest, dead bodies mark the way.
Profound Jokes Thread
Lesbian Puts All Men on Notice
How to properly give a consent to sex
Hypergamy is real: Study suggests less young Finnish men are sexually active
Mormon's getting more breast implants than anyone else
If she asks what feminism is, how do you respond?
Another rawdogging horror story
Doctor Kills Wife, Self After Wedding: "You'll Never Get Your Hands On My Money"
Scott Adams on marriage
Hick Judge forces man to marry girlfriend over threat of jail time
Men should give their wives a cheating pass for Christmas!
Forum 4 Page 29

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Another rawdogging horror story
Doctor Kills Wife, Self After Wedding: "You'll Never Get Your Hands On My Money"
Scott Adams on marriage
Hick Judge forces man to marry girlfriend over threat of jail time
Men should give their wives a cheating pass for Christmas!
Neil deGrasse Tyson gets #MeTooed
The male privilege thread
Man punches kangaroo in the face to save dog
The End of Tumblr
Ohio Dad Makes Daughter Walk Miles to School for Bullying
Men Exploited by Women in Costa Rica?
Autonomous Vehicles And The Rise Of Mobile Sex Workers
How to Fail at Almost Everthing and Still Win Big by Scott Adams - Notes & Commentary
Dozens of rich men trapped on a boat with short haired feminist Laurie Penny
Book Review:  Scott Adams, Win Bigly, Persuasion in a World Where Facts Don't Matter
Laurie Penny: "We need to talk about masculinity"
When did heavy metal become pussy music?
Reputation points
Woman furious after Southwest employee mocks daughter's name, 'Abcde'
Dress for respect - grabbing brazilian women...
What unexpected thing have you done because of RVF? (humor or serious)
Men Demand Consent Videos From Women Because Of MeToo
Avoiding Deep State-Corporate Data Harvesting Datasheet
Happy Hanukkah!
Young men in today's society don't get enough mentoring from Silverbacks
Delicious Tacos Wrote a Book - Hot Naked Tits
Ricky Jay - R.I.P. 1946-2018
Anyone work in a body shop or understand it?
Who controls the Military?
Magick, the esoteric, and the occult
Does Crypto Drive Globalism?
New feature: faster Youtube embeds
Kareem Hunt Assault Case
What would an intellectually healthy school curriculum look like?
When Women Harrass Men
Tinder is now Promoting Their Own News Website
Sexual exploitation of British Sikh girls by grooming gangs
Delusion Damage archive
Dutch man marries Malaysian daughter of a sultan
NY County Legislator Jennifer Schwartz Berky (D) Fakes Crying, PTSD at Traffic Stop
Forum 4 Page 30

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Daredevil (2015 netflix series)
And the left shall eat itself
Mom Says 6-Year-Old Son Is Transgender. Dad Disagrees. Now He Might Lose His Son.
Female police officer mistakenly enters neighbor's apartment, kills male resident
Refugee Attacks Girl, Then He gets Choked and the Cucks give Refugee £85k
New forum rule: Do not post nude or identifiable images of your sexual conquests
Why is it that transsexuals have only become a thing very recently?
For women, which do you prefer: 1st Rounders or 2nd Rounders with something to prove?
If you get assigned to a lesbian manager, just commit hari-kari now
Forum Feature Guide: How To Colour Hyperlinks
Millennials Are Causing the U.S. Divorce Rate to Plummet
Wedding photographer ho gets drunk, screws a guest, pees in tree, threatens officers
What are other forums or blogs you guys follow?
Butch Broads and Soy Boys: What Happened to Millennials?
Thirsty Australian Man To Marry Ex-Hooker Miss Piggy Drug Runner In Columbian Jail
"Boys Will Be Boys" Boys' Pullover Banned For "Promoting Rape"
Lawyer accused of hypnotising clients and sexually abusing them
Hang glider instructor forgets to strap in tandem passenger
The degeneracy thread
Date lab-Cringeworthy (Poor guy)
Nasa Landing Rover On Mars Live
Best Porn Site?
Boy goes to isolated island to teach about Christianity and love of God - Gets killed
'The Century of the Self' a 4 Hour Documentary on the Decline of Western Culture
Thots Start Young
Man sets up six first dates for one night; gets national media attention
Ava and Sinatra - Lessons from the ultimate Alpha
Polynesian Ethnostate Crisis In ameica.
Jho Low’s Hollywood power play (story of a "crazy rich" Malaysian billionaire)
Next level Feminism in Israel.
Roosh Hour #28 - November 25, 2018 @ 1:30pm
Experiences that made you question the nature of existence/reality
Neomasculine Secret Society
The "Is Google Just Shit?" Thread
@banned member pussy sniffer
Official American Depopulation Policy
Post your supernatural or unexplainable experiences
Deja Vus
What percentage of people do you think post on forums
Shooting in Birmingham Alabama mall and opinion on law enforcement
Forum 4 Page 31

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
American woman sexually violated in India
New Data Confirms "Cool Wine Aunts" Are Suicidally Depressed Alcoholics
Should You Tip Waitresses?
Creation of Family subforum
UK police need public support to arrest violent offenders thanks to female police hir
SJW Diversity Policing in Entertainment
Happy Thanksgiving
Do you celebrate a traditional Thanksgiving?
Guy Gets Found Not Guilty Cause Girl Was Dressed Like a Slut
Monitoring Cellphone or Installing monitoring Hack on one?
Interesting articles thread!
Shitlord country music
Self-Improvement Guru is Responsible for Alleged Sex-Trafficking Ring (link)
Roosh Hour 27 - November 18 at 3pm EST
Robert de Niro in the news = shooting
Neil Erikson arrested for simply filming - Melbourne Slutwalk 2018
Who should play (the new) Jack Reacher?
Going to meet Mike Tyson..
Facebook and Instagram are down as of 8:15 am
BC Money Laundering in Real Estate Anonmyous Tip Form Ripe for Conspiracy Theories
Family and Friends who are haters! How do you deal with them?
$13,000,000,000 ponzi scheme
Google executive killed by prostitute
Fat people thread
Hugh Hefner dead at 91
Narcos: New Netflix Series About Pablo Escobar
What are the chicks working in the HR department actually doing?
Call girl injected Google exec with heroin
Animals That Represent Masculinity
Male Middle School Gym Teacher Refuses to Watch Girl Change - Gets Punished
Where is a good place to buy lab diamonds?
Prostate Massager
Red Hot Chilly Preppers Now
Considering the MGTOW lifestyle.
Making a Murderer - Netflix - Justice system corruption in America
Black Friday online sales on laptops
The Anthony Bourdain Thread (RIP)
Ideas/ things from the past that you wish still existed.
Esoteric reality and Human origins speculation thread
Roosh's Twitter
Forum 4 Page 32

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Google walkout: staff wants 5 new SJW demands met
Attractive 21 y/o Uni student murdered by 37 y/o ex-bf she dated for one month
Economic Invincibility Podcaster Takes Shot At Roosh
Transage: Man sues to lower age by 20 years
Last movie you watched in cinemas?
RVF Preppers Club
What do all these women have in common?
Australian Police Officers Allow Muslim Terrorist to Stab Them to Avoid Killing Him
Roosh Hour #26 - November 11, 2018 at 5pm EST
Now accepting suggestions for new emoticons
Two Canadian Instagram Idiots Detained In Nigeria For Blackmail
Next-level betafaggotry - Baby showers for dudes
A guide to Drum & Bass music.
Linux has been infiltrated by SJWs
Former slender model gains 10 kg, becomes fatter, Instagram celebrity (NSFW)
World War I Anniversary Thread
Re-building Detroit Into The RVF Promised Land ($$$)
Adam Corolla Calls Out The Huffington Post
Reddit's Latest Gem: Father chronicles about his failure in raising his son.
Size 28 lingerie model insists 'most men want a plus-sized babe'
Man Duped Straight Men Into Sex By Claiming To Be A Woman
Big Noses On Woman: Yay or Nay?
Porn Categories That Haven't Been Explored (NSFW)
AI becomes “misogynistic” for preferring men over women
Snapshot Of The West & The World In November 2018
Alternative to Amazon Kindle and Audible?
Tim Berners-Lee's Solid: is this the free Web we've been waiting for?
Nationalisation versus privatisation
UK Censors ban women's fashion ads because the model is to thin
help need Internship in Data Science
There are cures for cancer but you're not supposed to know that
Non mainstream quality music options
Will Kavanaugh prove to be a tipping point against feminism and #MeToo?
YouTuber Banned for Punching Feminist NPC
Reminder for new members: don't hesitate to have avatars!
Matteo Salvini, Italy's Deputy PM, dumped by girlfriend via Instagram Selfie
Drawing
the Social Media Oligarchy and Consumer Fraud
YouTube Gamer Smashing Yanet Garcia
New Free Speech Twitter Alternative - Gab.ai
Forum 4 Page 33

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
3-time US Olympian Worked as Escort...
Cuck Pays Woman $100k Since January Without Anything in Return
Penn State closes 98-year-old club because traditional outdoor activities too risky!
Miami cheerleader 'bullied for being a virgin'
Bearded Transvestite Conchita Wurst Creating Waves In Austria
2 Quebecois cruise ship queens caught with 95kg (210 lbs) of Cocaine in Australia
NetFlix show "Amo", how much of it is ĺike the Phils that you guys have seen?
Datasheet: How to manage anti-depressant withdrawal effects
Who is hotter?
Instagram model has surgery to change her eye color, loses most of her vision
Teenager Marries Mummy
Post 666
the wall viewed by women - a song
Can't log in anymore from my Mobile Phone
RIP Gunnery Sergeant R Lee Ermey
The Cricket Thread
Buying facebook likes: Haram!
Tesla Power Wall - Game changer?
Man raised by wolves prefers the wild over human society
Female CSGO Players Can't Handle Male Trash Talk--Going Vigilante against players
NYT Article: "What Sleeping With Married Men Taught Me About Infidelity"
The importance of Christian-style morality/values on caring about others
Coachella Cougars Double-Down with Liposuction / Designer Port-a-Potties
An Excerpt From An Admittedly Mentally Ill Feminist's Autobiography
Which vpn are you using?
Black buying power to reach $1.5 trillion by 2019. Is it over for the white race?
Music for wussies
Why do gay dudes and straight women get along?
Real Life Examples of Alpha Fux Beta Bux
Anti-depressant drugs are so addictive that most people cannot quit them
8,000 Years Ago, 17 Women Reproduced for Every One Man
Woman Engineer Says We Need More Women In STEM, Her Bridge Collapses And Kills People
Arnold Schwarzenegger - A true legend!
Texas bill would fine men $100 each time they masturbate
The "Illuminati" and the Collapse of Traditional Relations
The ginger gene
Roast This: Match Stories - Courtney
Harper's Bazaar Womansplains #MeToo
An ode to female jealousy
Interesting video on prostitution in the old west
Forum 4 Page 34

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
Your gun safe opinion
Olympic Committee issues new guidelines for transgender athletes
Japanese Women Getting Thinner As American Women Become Fatter
Cambridge Analytica and Weaponized AI
New consent laws in Iceland mean men are guilty until proven innocent
Why is there a 'Search via "Leftists" Google' button up the top?
Several dead after vehicle drives into crowd in Germany
The Bachelor is high comedy
Advanced game technique : I'm dying but you can save my life with sex
Miranda Kerr abstaining from sex before marriage to Snapchat founder Evan Spiegel
#PizzaGate - child sex ring scandal is going viral
Toys R Us agree to drop sexist labeling of girls' and boys' toys
Canadian "gender neutral" national anthem
So There's A Pick-Up Artist Videogame Called "Super Seducer"...
Active Shooter At YouTube
One glaring omission from the Facebook debate
Ricky Vaughn doxed by Paul Nehlen and Christopher Cantwell
Excellent Book On Russia
R. Kelly accused of forcing women into his harem by Buzzfeed
Conor McGregor Freak Out/Soon to be Arrested
Doxing Prevention Datasheet
The Triumph of the beta male
Interview with woman who accused Tupac of rape
The Race Mixing Advertising Trend
Peggy Noonan tells everyone to act like adults, generates narcissism instead
David Hogg's Reddit account
Is there any merit to the anti-vaccine movement?
FarCry 5 Has Liberals Confused
False Flags on ROK?
Good Looking Loser getting married
Member oneeyedjack unleashes BIGGEST gold gift in RVF history
Big News: I'm Denouncing My Canadian Citizenship and Becoming Stateless in China
What's the most degenerate thing you've ever done?
Pictures of couples where the man is guaranteed to get dumped
Shitlord Female School Teacher Uncovered as 'White Supremacist', Gets Removed
Ready Player One is going to be The Matrix of the 2020s
List of Female Herd Mentality Items
Anti-Boomer Sentiment: Identity Politics
Creation of Kings Wiki, a wikipedia for us
The Weeknd Debuts New Track at Coachella
Forum 4 Page 35

*** MY NEW GAME BOOK IS HERE!!! ***
What to do when the girl OD's?
Anti-Trumpets don't even do their jobs any more
Book Review:  Never Split the Difference
Fat tub of lard Melissa McCarthy loses 75 pounds, Still fat
Women without kids tend to go batshit insane
Latest South Park on political correctness.
New Yoga Pants now have pockets for gun, knife and smartphone
400 Pound Woman Sues Paris Zoo After Escaped Hippo Tried To Rape Her
Why is the Manosphere anti-Vegan?
Sober Vegetarians Have Lousy Sperm
Scientists discover a new human organ - that also is the largest one
Pope Francis WTF!
Women who prefer cats to men
Volkswagon Emissions Scandal and German self loathing
The Ball basketball family
"Women On Social Media Are Proving That Saggy Boobs Are Beautiful, Too"
Poker players
What Are Your Favorite Restaurants?
English Teacher X.  Anyone read it?
Angelina Jolie had double mastectomy.
Identify as a Sigma?  Sign up here (or just post your Sigma thoughts or observations)
Serial Austin Bomber Dead as police close in
Person Of Interest: Varg Vikernes
What woman from the 1950s makes modern women look like the losers they are?
Boston Red Sox year zero baseball team
10,000 feminists hanging from the gallows along city streets.  In your lifetime.
Books written by women suck
Sleep Paralysis/Exploding Head Syndrome
NGO Oxfam prostitution scandal
An Introduction to Philosophy
Nicola tesla on women, and why he will never marry
New guidelines: Doctors should ask men who can't get an erection if they are GAY
A lgbt, black, anti male revolution is soon going to hit Brazil
Tribute to a great leader (Francisco Franco), and his views about Women
Recovery (Hard drugs/Criminality)
At 44, I made my last attempt to get pregnant, on my own
Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 Disappearance
SNL skit understands how male feminism is just an alternative sexual strategy
What is the most machiavellian thing that you did?
Malaysian Airlines Flight Shot Down Over Ukraine
Forum 4 Page 36

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Infamous bakery that refused to bake gay cake wins in court
Women are claiming that they are "too clever" for men
Key to longevity for men (according to The Sun)
LA Slut Walk attendees are not too smart
Another leak from Google -- "Intentional Censorship"
Belgian man shared photos of his Moroccon conquests, leading to honor killings
Whiskey Tango needs white knight assistance during hurricane, thanks
Best Malcolm Gladwell book?
Book/sources on women moral decay at the fall of Rome/other empires?
Colleges are starting to teach "healthy masculinity" (i.e. femininity) courses to men
Thai Caveman Playboy
Male student gets investigated for consensual makeout with girl
JMULV Pua Caught Paying Woman
Women that stay at home happiest finds study
First word that comes to mind game
Google Doodle On Columbus Day
ROK is going on hiatus after six years
Notorious Italian lothario, 63, dies sexing 23 year old
Thai Man Uses Literal Caveman Game To Bed Western Tourists
Based scientist gets Nobel prize, triggers Feminists
Thai Guy Boast About Banging Russian Women in a Cave
Politically Correct Disney Wants To Star Will Smith as Aladdin
Senior scientist at CERN suspended for saying men invented physics
thumb in the ass
View Posts By Likes?
Amsterdam meetup infiltration
Crypto For Roosh?
Sexy Trump Supporters Thread
Trevor Noah - New Daily Show Host, about to face the wrath of SJWs
Leftists finally figure out why everyone hates The Last Jedi - It was the Russians!
It is happening again - Twin Peaks back in 2016
Interesting read if you want to know what it was like to be a player in the 1950's
Russian Warship "Carrying $133 Billion In Gold" Discovered Off South Korea
Survival measures in event of war.
UK University Bans Clapping At Performances To Avoid Triggering Students With Anxiety
Red Pill/Alpha fiction
This is why feminists fail in the workplace
How did you end up in Roosh V Forum?
Marty Balin of Jefferson Airplane, 1942-2018
DHV Game Fail: Mechanic impersonates General with helicopter
Forum 4 Page 37

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Anyone here read Manga?
"Sokal 2.0" Scandal Embarrasses "Prestige Academic Journals"
College football coach suspended for saying referee "raped us"
New Cosmo cover featured GIGANTIC woman
Cern - scandal about gender equalit - Physics is invented by men...
Amidst the Kavanaugh Affair Drupal Outed as CIA Spy-Op
Reddit "quarantines" the red pill subreddit
Chinese men now pay up to $30k to "rent" girlfriends without sex
Peter Thiel thread
Poetry corner
Advice needed
Average woman thinks shes a 10 and tries to bang dan bilzerian
Official AFL Thread
Thor Infinity War?
Lost my dad
6 Year old British Schoolkids Asked to Write Gay love letters
What opinion do you have of Michael Savage?
How the manosphere crushed feminism (podcast w/ Samseau)
Russian girl splashes bleach on men's crotches in anti manspreading campaign
How do I solve this weird server problem?
Convincing People Who Have Wronged You
National health survey: more than two thirds of Australian women are crazy and/or fat
Men's Rights, The Red Pill, Reddit, oh my!
The Car Thread
Journalist who called me "rape apologist blogger" has been fired for sexual abuse
The Bill Cosby thread
Wall Victim: Tonya Harding
how much is enough
When was the  happiest period of your adult life?
India ends ban on gay sex
Natalie Portman: ‘Movies Are All About White Men’
Funny story about a meet up
How to create a masculine economy
Huffington Post: "Everything You Know About Obesity is Wrong"
SJW Advertising
YouTuber who called me a "beta male" admits that he's a cuckold
JD.com CEO Richard Liu was arrested on suspicion of rape
Kanye West wants to ban "likes" on social media
The war against Silicon Valley has begun
The Hot Indian Girl Thread
Forum 4 Page 38

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Post your 9s & 10s
The opioid epidemic thread
Lebanese Experiment: Inducing boners to attract tourism.
Men who are attracted to 18-year-old girls have "fragile masculinity"
13-year-old boy falsely accused of molestation because of "racist" Snapchat avatar
Fans turn against popular Youtubers H3H3
Everything Else Hall of Fame thread
Girl blinded by status gets raped
Guy Who Outed Duke Porn Girl Offered 10k To Appear On Facial Abuse
Manhunt ends with 3 dead after wife is awarded house the day divorce is finalized
Bert & Ernie from Sesame Street are "revealed" to be homosexual by writer
Why feminism is stronger then male movement
The Appeal of Noam Chomsky
Would there be less degeneracy if cities were different?
Fat Albert brings body positivity to male modeling.
Major times in history where problem was nipped at bud?
The absolute state of modern comics!
Chinese residents protest Toronto suburb's plan to house refugees
Feminist & Former Australian Of The Year Finalist Stole $800k From Anti-DV Charity
Wikileaks: Israeli government launch Command Centre which monitors anti-semitism
Do women know who the father is?
Burt Reynolds Dead at 82
The First Annual Rooshies?
What is roosh going to do when he gets shut down?
The Kurt Eichenwald thread
Australia: Leftist Uni offering scholarship to study social media "weaponisation"
Must-read Books (a definitive list)
Author Tom Clancy Passes Away
The Death of America
Homeless white guy is thrown out of McDonalds by hispanic cop for no reason
Facebook/Google should be forced to hire only Americans. At gunpoint if needed.
Famous sportsmen cleared of rape, feminists protest
Hurricane Florence - possible disaster of epic proportions
More women backing out of divorces as court settlements shrink in UK
Roosh Live #22 - September 16, 2018 at 1pm EST
The SJW/feminist hate mob came after me, lessons learned
Would you fuck my wife?
Son of Prominent Imam Was Training Children as Terrorists in New Mexico
Led Zeppelin "Stairway to Heaven" Lawsuit
Obesity Beginning to Corrupt Modeling
Forum 4 Page 39

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Elise Truow
Tor Browser Update
Extreme Salt from Reddit Users
New feature: Soundcloud embedding
Cedonulli Blog Archive
Millennial Couple Bikes Through ISIS Territory to Prove Humans Are Kind...get killed!
Bulletproof Fashion Apparel by Miguel Caballero
When will the social media bubble pop?
Mom decides she doesn't want to be a mom anymor, enlists bestie to light baby on fire
Poetry thread, post poems that you like
Shocker: Female infantry soldier (WB!) sleeps with 1SG
"Don't try to work hard in life until you're 35"
Arguments for and against no-fault divorce
Working for a female boss.
'Free Speech' Isn't Working
Easy way to send confidential information online (e.g. for RVF meetups)
Reminder: posts cannot be edited or deleted... EVER
Study Finds Slut-Shaming Among Women Is A Form of Class-Based White Girl Bullying
Chicago named among safest cities in the world
Lead singer of Cranberries suddenly dies.
Obnoxious Sex Tourist Steven Mapel in the News Again!
Marine battalion commander fired for using the word "faggot"
Mac Miller Dead at 26 of Drug Overdose
30 year old roastie gets pumped and dumped by Chad she met through Tinder and now wan
Male university student desperately mass-emails every Nicole after getting wrong #
Equal pay
Real life "The Denouncer"
Thirst?
Roosh Live #21: September 9, 2018 at 1pm EST
The Online Learners Thread
Most interesting wesbsites on the Deep Web?
Roosh Hour #20 - September 2, 2018 at 1pm EST
Insane Yoga success story, I cried. Watch it.
Science confirms: Compared to last decade, women putting out only for Chad
Could this be the end of day game in the UK?
PETA Claims Milk is Hitler
Single  mom invites four armed men with guns for party while son sleeps
Digital Privacy for the Neomasculine Man
Elementary School Principal incurs criticism over Kaepernick Facebook post.
What books should a young man read?
Forum 4 Page 40

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Boston police captain's son faces 20 years for school shooting terror plot
Aunt sues nephew over a conjoined lottery ticket
Lake Oroville (California) dam on the verge of failing, 160k evacuated
The Darwin Award Thread
Swedish county may give boys HPV vaccine to help protect females
Woman Files Discrimination Complaint For Right To Work Braless
San Francisco man swipes right on 200,000 women, still single
American workers fired and replaced by Indians they have to train
(((Larsen Halleck)))
Cuckold Fetish
2 "lesbian" porn whores jump on the #me too bandwagon, then the truth comes out NSFW
My experiences working at dry cleaners
Inner Circle Dating App now banning women in London
ESPN will cut more than 100 employees today
Mass shooting in Jacksonville
VPN
Funniest Last Names You've Heard
Famous books that you thought sucked...
64 Yr Old Argentinean Actress Shares Naked Pics
There Are 101 Americans With Over $1 Million In Student Loan Debt
Why the movie Fight Club is so popular within the Self help / PUAs / Red pill crowd ?
US Court of Appeals: An IP address isn't enough to identify a pirate
People don't think rationally & WHY they think the way they do(my rambling thoughts)
New Transformers Trailer is a Feminist Dream
What's happening to American Men?
[Pray for Kona] impending destruction of Hawaii
North America’s first sex-doll brothel opening in Toronto
"Evolve The Definition"
New Netflix Series: The Staircase
Gov. Brown signs bill eliminating money bail in California
Frank Zappa Redpill Songs
Post-mortem Criticism
Texas law student forced to write 6-page essay on his "toxic masculinity"
Is NLP Worth Learning?
Equality strikes again - man charged with 10 felonies for not paying on dates
Roosh Hour #19 - August 26, 2018 at 1PM
Debate: Cenk Uygur vs Dinesh D'Souza
The Free Speech Thread
Travel pictures
Should we read feminist books?
Forum 4 Page 41

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
The rise of alt right female figures
The "Transgenderism is Mass Hysteria" Thread
Russian woman with fake lips angry at American fiance for not buying $150,000 ring
Elaine from Seinfeld: Hot or Not?
My New Literary Website: Terror House Magazine
Study equates transgenderism to alcoholism and other mental disorders
Period juice in your food
Astrology
Why don't we write a collaborative book on the history of game?
Is Investing in Big Tech Unethical?
La Rochefoucauld:   A Taste of 17th Century French Red Pill
Broadway Explorers Patriarchy in a World Where Men Have Been Exterminated
Human spam attacking the forum from India
New fat acceptance campaign (warning: fat woman picture)
Study: More ‘Ecosexual’ Professors Are Having Sex with Trees
Buzzfeed Goes After MRA's with "Follow This" Netflix Series Episode
The Mandela Effect
Woman, 18, conned out of £5,000 by ‘sugar daddy’
Forum organizational changes
SF Health Org Gets Rid Of 'Vagina' In Favor of 'Front Hole'
Norwegian minister quits after trip to IRAN with former beauty queen
Female prison guard quits to become porn star
Could you beat this thing in a fight?
Fake news: Muslim couple refused citizenship for not shaking hands
Woman successfully sues dating agency over lack of men
Bizzarre situation; My highschool friend..
Canadian MMA fighter catches his girlfriend cheating
Chanty Binx labelled a Victim in Toronto by City News propganda
Should the dissident right start using Chinese social media sites?
WaPo "study" confirms what we already know about online dating
Roosh Live #17 - August 12 at 1pm EST
Predict how RVF will be like in 10 years (2023)
Preparing for the Soviet-style collapse of America
Roosh Live #18: August 19 at 1pm EST
Feminism vs. Truth
Alternate Internet - Hyperboria, cjdns and LBRY
Drug Policy
My Nine Year Forum Anniversary
Upskirt lounge
Wladimir Klitschko thread (not boxing related)
Forum 4 Page 42

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
The USA, The Most Innovative Country In The World
The Metaphysics of Land and Labor
Friend went from player, to sex addict, to willing cuckold.  WTF…
YouTube series "Man Enough" makes men complicit in their own demise
Jersey tuck in advice needed
Airplane turns around over ocean cause Roosh is passenger (Detained in Iceland)
The Lena Dunham Thread
Boring money things time... Salary tax on self employed wage?
White male professors in UK will be assigned younger black women as "mentors"
World depopulation - Bill Gates says pandemic could wipe out 30 million
Did the "Deep Subforum" disappear?
The alcoholism epidemic.
New HBO variety show says whiteness is a "virus" and must "be gone"
Violent brawl erupts inside nail salon over botched eyebrow wax, racism alleged
What are the most useful apps for RVF members.
Rapper DMX Bankrupt; Owes $1.24 Million in Child Support
Today is RVF's 10th birthday!
Neil Strauss' new book 'Emergency'
FIFA World Cup (Soccer Side Only)
My Macbook Pro is slowing down
Movies/Shows You Don't Mind Seeing Over and Over
Which rappers and rap group are in your top 5?
The Audible Book Thread
Chinese girls in Shanghai rate their own attractiveness
Glengarry Glen Ross headed to Broadway - all female cast.
I like girls who like stuff
Effective counter measures for a bully that happens to be female and your boss
Swedish student stops Afghan man's deportation by refusing to sit down on a plane
Young model asks for money on GoFundMe, the female nature: extract resources from men
Dan Bilzerian - Is He "Hot"?
Review copies available for my new book Game
BodyBuilding.com owner Ryan Deluca gets cucked by Dan Bilzerian
Magic Leap AR Headset with $2BN Funding Is Released
Ruby Rose kicked out of restaurant for throwing fries at waiter
American Girls Be Like
Mobs Murdering People Over Online Rumours in India
Asian girl starts fight with McDonald's worker three times her size
Help me title my upcoming game book
Female awareness of male incels
Meghan Trainor's latest "empowering" song
Forum 4 Page 43

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Young Man thread- 25 and under
The New Tomb Raider is Flat
UK man jailed for 6 months for limiting her social networking use (and stalking)
How can you monetise your instagram profile???
The ADL has declared me your leader of misogyny and white supremacy
The Positivity Thread
Crazy Bitch Climbs Statue of Liberty in Anti-ICE Protest
Catholic countries not a safe haven for red-pilled men
American Women Have Never Been More Miserable Relative To Men
How Whack is The New York Times?
"The Dark Core of Personality"
My Dad is a Feminist
Game where we post pictures of women and have other members rate their hotness
Why are attractive women suddenly into cosplay?
Drone warfare is the future
Are Hispanics "white?" Science and cultural anthropology rejects the notion
Franz Kafka - Rejection
NFL thread
Beijing Bombing
What Songs Are You Listening To?
Doug Casey Talks Virtual Girlfriends, Soy Boys, Moore's Law, and Loss of Masculinity
Woman Gets Exposed For Falsely Saying Harvey Weinstein Raped Her.
Civilization is the ultimate symbol of male thirst
My analysis of TEDx talk "The Reality of the Sexual Pleasure Disparity "
Web Startup Idea
Involuntarily Cucked Dude Sues Wife's Lover, Wins $8.8M!
Will the economy collapse? (when is not an issue)
MLB Players Getting Burned by Tweets they Made in High School
Roosh Live #16 - July 29,, 2018 at 1pm EST
Man becomes woman for cheaper car insurance, trannies triggered
Don't Let Frustration With Women Make You Feel Bad About Life In General
What It's Like To Kill In War And First Firefight
Time to Leave the US. Gays can donate blood.
Meeting the Enemy: A feminist comes to terms with the MRM
Juicy Jewesses [NSFW]
Mass shooting in Toronto
FEMEN founder Oksana Shachko found dead - Suicide
Roosh and other manosophere authors quoted in NYTimes on declining sperm counts
Woman who tried to live the Sex And The City lifestyle admits she ruined her life
Professional gamer dumps 'world's sexiest weathergirl' to play video games
Forum 4 Page 44

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Moon / Lunar Eclipse
The steady death of the world's languages -- does it matter?
Monarchy vs Democracy
Did Anita Sarkeesian fabricate her story about contacting the authorities?
Traditionalist Catholicism and breakaway movements (SSPX, SSPV, etc.)
Millennial women are cheating more than millennial men, a new study finds
I Wish I Found This Forum Years Ago
Student Suspended, Allegedly Told ‘Looked Like Someone Who Might Commit Sex Assault'
Lady Police Officers decided fate of citizen by coin toss
San Francisco Logs 16,000 Street Shits a Week.
What do we get out of Africa?
Best English Language Bible?
Young girl and her little brother beaten at a Indianapolis playground
Heat Wave Thread
John Schneider Refuses To Pay Spousal Support, Asks Judge For Jail Time Instead
Catholicism & Marian apparitions
Books on General Knowledge.
Digging Into Blue Check Twitters
New movie <<The Purge: Election Year>> is a total disturbing SJW propaganda orgy
Skypecast (c. 2008) replacement?
This Guy Called Out Roosh For Saying Dating Sucks in Torronto
FIFA World Cup 2018 thread
Rape By Surprise
Rich Chinese Kid Faces Prison for Squandering $36 Million for Girlfriend
Natural Cycles: a certified birth control app from Sweden
Why bad technology dominates our lives
Roosh Live #15 - July 22 at 1pm EST
Return of Kings link blocked from Google by false claim of defamation
Feminist Uses Example From Afghanistan On Why The West Needs Feminism
Rick & Morty: A Modern Tale Of An Alcoholic And An Incipient Beta
George W. Bush is smarter than you
Rebel Media Drama (Caolan Robertson, Faith Goldy fired, and Gavin Mcinnes leaving )
The Edward Snowden Thread
Crossfit girl can't handle being rejected for her masculine body
Boiler Room Sales Owners Make $40 million, Retire to Puerto Rico, and Bang 7's
Shinobu Hashimoto RIP
Is Civilization much Older than we're led to Beleive?
ROK
The new browser from Mozilla's shitlording former CEO
Gawker files for bankruptcy
Forum 4 Page 45

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
Staten Island man dies after NYPD cop puts him on chokehold
Superman goes MGTOW
Dance music
The MLB Thread
Roosh Live #14 - July 15 at 1pm EST
Duck You, Google.
"What's the Deal with Men's Rights Activists and Asian Fetishes?"
Obama taking over Netflix
Panties Lounge by Mess O.
Dog hates my prospective business partner
It's Official, Spain has fallen: Transsexual Miss Universe
Tinder Murderer - Indian Girl kidnaps kills matches; candidly cold terrifying detail
Foundation for Economic Education as a resource
Painless Tattoo Removal Cream in testing phase
Lance Armstrong: "I'd  ProbablyTake PEDs Again"
Ontario kids education comes back to normal thanks to Doug Ford!
Bipolar disorder - A manosphere, red pill, perspective
Leonard D Neubache Appreciation Thread
Do American women have the biggest boobs?
Survivor: One World - It Sucks That We Need The Boys
Libtard Sciencebasedmedicine.org is Posting Anti-Masculine Articles
Lawsuit Just Settled:  Now Legal To Share Printable-Gun Blueprints for DIY Firearms
Arachnophobes Beware: Spiders' Massive Webs Take Over Part Of Texas Park
Jurassic World officially shit
22 year-old former Clinton campaign staffer and SJW activist charged with pedophilia
Is there any truth to Astrology and Compatibilty?
Red pill rage/MGTOW
Miss Belgium 2018 is a Filipina
Hugh Hefner at 85
Study: South Asian Immigrants To Canada Abort More Than Half Of Female Fetuses
Post videos that made you a better person
More Proof That Marriage Ruins Alpha Men
"I Had Sex with an Investor"
Westworld
Did Fat Chicks Used To Be The Most Desirable In Old Western Civilization?
Intimacy and Subjectivity in the London 'Seduction Community'
The American Dream-A Clever Ruse?
100 prominent French women denounce the MeToo campaign
Steve Ditko, 1927-2018
Orthotropics, jaw position and facial attractiveness (my comments on pictures)
Forum 4 Page 46

***** ROOSH USA TOUR 2019 *****
"Everybody is happy" - Sexy Police Force
Slavic Beauty (NSFW?)
The push to make the forum "apolitical" is actually very politically-motivated
Quintus Curtius appreciation thread
I was robbed by someone I know and will probably see again.
Jean-Claude Van Damme appreciation thread
Youtube livestream interview with UK Rotherham 'Grooming' Victim
Red-Pill Passages from Classic Literature
Joey Chestnut dethroned
Happy America day!
Aussie landwhale teen puts down the cupcakes and becomes hot
White Race Trolls
''Russian women are sluts for going with foreign tourists'' -Besedin states
r/Askreddit Asks Men who were Sexually Assaulted
Guys Who Might Merit More Rep Points
Brutal Bronx Bodega Stabbing Triggers Moral Dilemna
Man shoots up newspaper for reporting on case involving his "harassment" of women
Woman drives off with her man on the hood
Man starts massive fire after trying to forge a sword in his backyard
Company Prosecuted By Human Rights Commission For Not Employing Pedophile
What should I do with Nigel's Big Game Blog?
S&M-loving Hollywood exec keeps job after man dies in his sex dungeon - NY Post
The archive version of this form is being blocked by Google Safe Browsing
Happy Canada Day!
Pray For Kona-Volcano Erupts!
Katie Hopkins - Masterful Trolling Recognized
JetBlue’s founder wants to turn a 73-year-old airline & its home in Portugal into hub
Is there a leading Metric for Fourm Authenticity?
Hollywood realizing their shitty comedy is a money loser
Untangling Cristiano Ronaldo’s bizarre family situation (NY Post)
Is Ubuntu a good operating system for privacy?
What is the best way to tell a girl you are not interested
Margaret Atwood supports due process; cue feminist butthurt
June 16 "Stop Violence Against Women" happy hour in Washington DC
China’s Mandarin Xi Jinping New Era Women
I'm becoming a racist and I'm scared it may show at work
Well Proportioned Hamster Gets Arrested For Masturbating Instead Of Reading
"MeToo has made women employees radioactive" -- CEO blasts the fuck out of #Metoo
Sly girl scams burns a Billion Dollars Peak Silicon Valley: Elizabeth Holmes Theranos
USA ranked 10th most dangerous country in the world for women
Forum 4 Page 47

Let's have a laugh - share some jokes
Bradley Cooper says he'll start sharing salary information with female co-stars
Swedish policewoman in bikini arrests thief
Alternatives to Hot Tubs/Spas
Degenerate Rich Kids
Canadian comedian ordered to pay up for offensive joke
Oh Canada, a politically incorrect ad
I had a heart attack
Tribute Thread
How times have changed...advertisements from the 50s
World of Tanks RVF clan (PC)
Truth about marriage: Another man finds out his wife was a Whore for Everyone but him
This sums it up imo...
Roger Federer: Inspiration and Emotion today
Bulgaria "Bridal Market" - buy a Roma for $300
What was your handsomest year?
Tiger Attack in China Wildlife Park
Internalized Misogyny video
An honest real estate agent
Man gets cancer, is bedridden. Wife moves out, waits for his death to get his wealth.
A Plus Size Model in the Swimsuit Edition of Sports Illustrated
My favourite motivational vide
The Best Movie Fight Scene of All Time
Judge orders Yahoo to Court for Possibly Taking Snapshots of all Emails (Typed).
Which tabs are open on your browser right now?
Shootings Reported at Florida Nightclub (25th July 2016)
Gun Store Refuses To Sell To Left Wing Journalist...
Bruno Sammartino at 81
False rape accuser Stephanie Raymond gets permission to appeal man's dismissal
Beta defends his girlfriend after she goes to an orgy and gets fucked hard by 3 dudes
Red Pill TV shows and Movies
Zero Hedge: The Bullshit Crash of 2016.
Star Trek: Beyond
Christie Brinkley - Ultimate Wall Survivor?
Hot Chicks with Guns
Ex-Wives Told To Get A Job
Stand up Comedian Bill Burr
Man knifes mother and three daughters at French holiday
Best app to transcribe text messages to another format?
Miami cops shoot black therapist over autistic patient
Forum 4 Page 48

Malaysia Airlines Flight Missing Over Vietnam
Funny stuff you used to believe as a little boy
An interesting new hashtag, #thefutureisfemale
Man dies after burning flag
School adopts gender-neutral language policy to avoid being sued by LGBTI students
Finalized Forum Rules
Axe Rampage on German Train Injures 20+
The next movie up for destruction- Point Break
Surprising New Evidence Shows Bias in Police Use of Force but Not in Shootings
Am i being too Alpha ?
Question on the Stock Exchange
If a Woman Needs It, Should She Be Spanked?
Why are women so adamantly against male self-improvement.
Loss Aversion; the ‘Left’, Fat Shaming and Women
Top all-girls Sydney school banned teachers from calling students 'girls', 'ladies'
How far would you be willing to commute to work in order to live somewhere you love?
States in US which permit foreigners to carry weapons
Did the forum have a golden age?
Divorced guys. What did you do with your wedding band?
When did the modern beta male explode onto the scene?
Selfies are about to get worse - introducing the "selfie stick"
Black Lives Matter "Day of Rage" on July 15th
One group is responsible for America’s culture of violence - men
Kanye West attention whore?
White boy poem gone viral
Bustle: Many Men Who Pay For Sex Are In Relationships & Concerned For The Well-Being
Wall survivor: Gwen Stefani
Alton Sterling fatally shot by Baton Rouge Police
Mexican hitwoman had sex with her victims and drank their blood... bitches be crazy.
Remebering the Carmelite nuns of Compiègne
Chris Evans Quits Top Gear
Feminists explode,rail against woman writer simply for stating women are responsible
Three dead police officers and 4 injured in Baton Rouge.
Does anybody follow Dan Pena?
This IRT deserves his own thread
Fallacy experts chime in
Cops not welcome at restaurant in Washington State
My Red Pill Theme Songs - What are yours?
Am I American?
Guess which race of women scientifically have the smallest, strongest & tightest vag?
Forum 4 Page 49

Nicolai Sennels: Muslims instinctively see our lack of reaction as fear...
Countries known for their handcrafted jewelry? I want to buy in bulk.
Chanty Binx labelled a Victim in Toronto by City News propganda
Disney featuring "transgendered stingray" in upcoming movie
I intentionally keep my wife poor -- to preserve our marriage
Any good Youtube news channels?
Cabbie Returns Homeless Man's 187k Inheritance, Gets $100 Reward
Anna Ivanovic marries Bastian Schweinsteiger
"Hostile Uber driver refuses to take me to ER!"
Open a secured forum?
Ask me a question and I will respond in video
Music production 
How the fuck did cavemen get laid?
Memes of Historical RVF Ancestors
Banned members. Should we have an RVF "jubilee"?
Independence Day: Resurgence
"Absurd" propoganda postcards warning men about the dangers of women's rights (1900s)
The Suffering of the Lost Boys
Clash Royale
Militant library workers
Euro 2016
Facebook tracks everyone, including non-users, all around the Internet
love gun (1977)
Wing Chun  Vs. Baguazhang (Donnie Yen)
The "I am thankful for" thread
How to scale images so they don't stretch the forum
What was Idi Amin laughing about?
What would you do if born in great wealth, but not THE greatest?
Giving someone emotional abuse in a relationship is now illegal
What is the role of beta and gamma guys in traditional society?
Young man ashamed to lose virginity to land whale (retitled)
Raspberry Pi
MikeCF Is Making a Movie About Free Speech
Military Moms Breastfeeding in Uniform
No Groom, No Problem: Women Are Marrying...Themselves?
Slovenian girl bashes feminism
Dating After Divorce: Why Being the "Cool Girl" Isn’t So Cool After All
Entitled interns fired for demanding dress code change at their employer
Would you want to be in the Room When Your Woman is Having Your Baby?
Ugly Older Woman Uses Tinder to get workers
Forum 4 Page 50

7 Logical Reasons Not To Marry
Wife forcing me to eat her periods.
Star Trek goes SJW - Sulu is Now Gay
Yelling ‘I hate white people’ and punching one isn’t a hate crime
Media outlets that hated on the meetups are laying off hundreds of journalists
WikiLeaks Soldier Bradley Manning wants to be Chelsea Manning
Google Makes Intentionally-Inaccurate Diverse Doodle of Jupiter Juno Team
'Blade Runner' olympian shoots and kills girlfriend
I'm not the father
Where to meet feminists for dating?
Brenda Tracy Thread
Favorite Daisy Dukes Thread
Red pill recognized
Feminists in yours newsfeed--what to do about 'em?
Are all female writers / authors feminist ?
Instrumental Music Thread
Olympic Committee issues new guidelines for transgender athletes
The ginger gene
SJW creates web site where random people are denounced as racists
The Real Meaning Of July 4:  Declaring Independence
LGBT brainwashing of children
Please Consider This Rebranding Proposal
Teen uses brass knuckles to brutally sucker punch 12 year old boy
An Acceptable Alternative to Facebook
Will We Ever Have "Jetson" Cars?
Non-Binary teen denied bank account because she can't tick the Male/Female box
White Male Suicide skyrockets in America
Charlie Sheen Backs the ‘First Major Condom Innovation in 70 Years’
Creation of 5-man fireteam to deal with SJW's
Amsterdam PD responded to police calls...
Recaptcha failing
Adam Curtis - blog & documentaries
Author Umberto Eco has died
Boy Comments on Brownies (the food) in School; Cops Called in for 'Racism'
For the first time, a US college had more female engineering graduates than men
Stacey Dash Endorses Romney, Twitter Explodes
The Narcissicopter has arived
Scotty Moore, Elvis' original lead guitarist, dead at 84
Classical Myths, Updated for 21st Century.
Whiny, entitled girl says - My Dad Sucks
Forum 4 Page 51

Breaking! Michael Jackson "Stockpiled" Gruesome Kiddie Porn
Four beta cucks talk gun ownership with their femcunt GFs
Anyone Silicon Valley TV Series?
Chelsea Handler and her post-wall attention whoring (NSFW)
Delicious Tacos' Short Story Used For Video Game Theme?
Montreal Feminist Can't Do Without Roosh
Fat-Shaming Men Are Attracted to Me, Even Though I'm Fat
Which city can be considered a fashion capital - Toronto or Montreal?
Woman allows strangers to fondle her breasts and genitals as 'performance art'
Salon discusses the "bro job" - a new tipping point
Girl posts photos of a man she thought was "creepy". Turns out he was half blind
Google: A potential Golem against us
Turkish chick pranks boyfriend watching soccer game
Google Maps goes gay
Led Zeppelin "Stairway to Heaven" Lawsuit
Men-hating SJW mod of several large subreddits is exposed to be an obese lesbian NSFW
According to Google, the following sites are on a downward spiral:  Facebook, Twitter
Hawaii governor signs law, putting gun owners in FBI database.
UNC Chapel Hill: Christmas Vacation Is A Microagression
Bumble bans male user
Full Brazilian Laser Hair Removal
My thoughts on Roosh's "7 Things I Require in the Future Mother of My Child"
Woman lives as a man for a year, has more respect for men now
Toronto lawyer sues Jamaica for not accepting LGBTQ and SJW culture
Dad places $900 newspaper ad for potential wife for 48-year-old son
"Men Did Greater Things When It Was Harder to See Boobs"
The Myth Of Male Power: A Review And A Critique
Gold digger experiment
A 13yr old boy is forced to pay monthly Child support after being raped by 34yr woman
If an opportunity to change the culture we live in occurred, would you take it?
Girlfriend commits suicide: abusive boyfriend charged with murder.
Selfie Attempt Kills 7 Men
"For More Children, Puberty Signs Start at 8" - WSJ
Youtube Promotes Trans/Gay/Pansexual Bullshit
Why Conservative Women Are So Pretty (article)
Brexit aftermath thread
My Father is Such a Pathetic Beta with My Mom . . .
Was Your Dad "Alpha"?
Mother says she was investigated over children playing in backyard
Brain Tumor Risk Linked with Higher Education
Forum 4 Page 52

Robots To Become 'Electronic Persons' Under Draft Plan
Facebook's 'Live-Streaming' -- A New Arm of the Propaganda Machine
If You Could Spend One Hour on a Park Bench with Anyone
The Rise Of Cultural Parasites
Welcome to the Empire! Greetings from a fellow serf.
Glastonbury 2016
Hunting HUMANS Set To Become Big Business For The Super Rich
Gotthard Base Tunnel -- World's Longest Tunnel -- Now Operational In Switzerland
A woman can rape a boy, get pregnant AND get paid
Sickening: Lesbian Couple Pushes "Queer Relationship" on Toddler
Pennsylvania Man Charged In Bizarre Sex Case After 12 Girls Found In His Home
The movie 'SHAME'
Man Faces 3 Years in Jail for Slut Shaming in Australia
The "There's Gotta Be An Easier Way To Do This" Thread
Forum daughters master thread
Red Hot Chili Peppers new album
Black men rejecting black women
The Refugees 'national team' to compete at these Olympic Games
Bernie Supporters Accidentally Beat Each Other Up
The Economist weighs in on the Manosphere (Roosh namedrop)
Miss Great Britain de-crowned after having sex on national TV
Any way to get rid of the orange banner?
If You Were An Ancient Ruler, How Depraved Would You Be?
In a Race to Save a Man on the Tracks, a Reminder of What’s Good in the World
150 Canadians, mostly women, named on ISIS kill list
Looks like they're running out of Nazis...
Women now required to register for the draft
Mildly famous feminist blames Disney gator attack on dad's "white man entitlement"
Yet another entitled cunt goes to China, rages that nobody pays attention to her
Over/Under on when Bill Maher melts down
I can't stop thinking about Demolition Man and 21st Century Digital Boy
Happy 40th birthday Ali-b
UnREAL: tv show.
93 year old Auschwitz guard charged
Sickening: Philadelphia School District pushes transgender agenda on children
Women who get married but keep their own last name
Forum Game: Guess the Next Degeneracy!
Government should pay women to date losers
What's the oldest age or age gap that you'd allow to date or marry your daughter?
Old Navy Claims Father's Day "Is Really Her Day" on T-Shirt
Forum 4 Page 53

MGTOW and Ghost Girlfriends
When women work hard, they get sick. Men not.
Does anyone else find their mind wandering at work?
UK MP Killed
How can someone get free services?
Popular Youtuber with over 3 million followers gunned down at fan signing
Chess master says women suck at chess, then backs it up by beating 20 women
Feminist Wakes Up To The Fact That Riding The Carousel = NOT Empowering
[Hoax] North Korean Leader Kim Jong-un Dead After Apparent Suicide Attack
What celebs have you met?
Easy question concerning downloads
CIA Director Resigns for Banging Mistress
Mizzou SJWs hijack candlelight vigil for Orlando victims
LA Times: Lawmakers say it's time to redefine rape in California law
Decent looking near-the-wall Speaking Coach complains about cucked young English guys
Protein World to feminists: Grow up
Forum Members, how do you say your name?
[Funny] Video: Black "Jews" trigger a Jewish boy
RIP: Muhammad Ali dead at 74 in Phoenix, AZ
Fanatical Progressives and Apocalyptic Conservatives: United under Nihilism
Forum game, Grant a wish
'I feel sexy and sensuous': Woman ditches razors and grows beard
Baby Bust: 2015 had lowest U.S. fertility rate ever
Legal pedophilia?  Not quite yet, but bestiality coming to your Canadian town
Hairy Ho Hails Hirsute Hamflaps
Server downtime 6/10/16
German 'Big Foot' guy scams himself to 50000THB - spends money on hookers and booze
Porn Site Tells Users they are Mentally Ill
Canada’s Supreme Court Legalizes Sex Acts with Animals
Law Enforcement Using Scanners That Can Seize Cash From Prepaid Debit Cards
Card readers allow Oklahoma Highway Patrol to freeze and seize funds
High School Boy Wins All-State Honors In Girls Track And Field
The Gratefulness Thread
Hero IT guy automates job for six years
Woman Breast Feeds Boyfriend...and its not beta
Women who cackle - WHY?
"Don't try to work hard in life until you're 35"
"For First Time More Than 4 in 10 US Women Are Obese"
Gordie Howe passes away at 88
Japanese Fat Shaming App for Women
Forum 4 Page 54

MGTOW and Ghost Girlfriends
When women work hard, they get sick. Men not.
Does anyone else find their mind wandering at work?
UK MP Killed
How can someone get free services?
Popular Youtuber with over 3 million followers gunned down at fan signing
Chess master says women suck at chess, then backs it up by beating 20 women
Feminist Wakes Up To The Fact That Riding The Carousel = NOT Empowering
[Hoax] North Korean Leader Kim Jong-un Dead After Apparent Suicide Attack
What celebs have you met?
Easy question concerning downloads
CIA Director Resigns for Banging Mistress
Mizzou SJWs hijack candlelight vigil for Orlando victims
LA Times: Lawmakers say it's time to redefine rape in California law
Decent looking near-the-wall Speaking Coach complains about cucked young English guys
Protein World to feminists: Grow up
Forum Members, how do you say your name?
[Funny] Video: Black "Jews" trigger a Jewish boy
RIP: Muhammad Ali dead at 74 in Phoenix, AZ
Fanatical Progressives and Apocalyptic Conservatives: United under Nihilism
Forum game, Grant a wish
'I feel sexy and sensuous': Woman ditches razors and grows beard
Baby Bust: 2015 had lowest U.S. fertility rate ever
Legal pedophilia?  Not quite yet, but bestiality coming to your Canadian town
Hairy Ho Hails Hirsute Hamflaps
Server downtime 6/10/16
German 'Big Foot' guy scams himself to 50000THB - spends money on hookers and booze
Porn Site Tells Users they are Mentally Ill
Canada’s Supreme Court Legalizes Sex Acts with Animals
Law Enforcement Using Scanners That Can Seize Cash From Prepaid Debit Cards
Card readers allow Oklahoma Highway Patrol to freeze and seize funds
High School Boy Wins All-State Honors In Girls Track And Field
The Gratefulness Thread
Hero IT guy automates job for six years
Woman Breast Feeds Boyfriend...and its not beta
Women who cackle - WHY?
"Don't try to work hard in life until you're 35"
"For First Time More Than 4 in 10 US Women Are Obese"
Gordie Howe passes away at 88
Japanese Fat Shaming App for Women
Forum 4 Page 55

Adam Johnson Jailed for Six Years
African-American Women Now Top the List of Most-Educated Group in the Country
This proves even a brilliant philosopher cannot wrap his head around the horrors of..
West Indian Cricketer gets slammed for asking out reporter  on air by PC Aussie media
Do Any of You Have Hot/Bangable Sisters?
Woman threatens man on train with weapon because he sat near her
NSF Full Stomach: More Gerbil than Hamster. Trannies are menstruating in solidarity
Mozilla CEO fired for supporting Prop 8
Shooting On UCLA Campus, 2 People Injured
Frumpy Female Dumped - Goes on World Sex Tour
World's Fifth Ranked Female Football Nation Thrashed 7-0 by U/15 Boys.
Girls with rings on the right hand ringbearer finger.
Obituary to Common Sense
Unauthorized Bigoraphy of Muhammad Ali...and more.
Reasons to get married
Look Up, Bitch
Post-hardcore/Screamo
I've decided to out myself
The Patriarchy strikes again: PhD student hamster propagates parent-less practices
European Commission and IT Companies announce Code of Conduct on illegal online hate
Suit Yourself
ACLU Leader Quits After Her Kids Were Scared by Transgenders in Bathroom
BATTLE OF MONTREAL: August 8, 2015
All is confirmed again: Facebook is using your phone to listen to everything you say
8 month expedition . The Perfect Heist . Is it Possible ?
Australian incest cult of 30 adults uncovered
Australian TV crew hoist by own petard in Lebanon
Be Happy Because You Stand Out Amongst the Victims of the Decline of Western Culture.
Feminist rant: "we sold feminism to the masses and now... "
Toronto Homeless man tells his pain before getting murdered
Vote on the final cover design for Free Speech Isn't Free
Do I have a sexual discrimination case?
So She Told Me She's Pregnant...
Britain: Only 2% of young men feel completely masculine
10 review copies available for Free Speech Isn't Free
50% Of Misogynistic Tweets Are From Women
Female Ivy League sophomore drops out, moves to Hipsterville Central to party
Major Entities To Begin Censorsing Free Speech
Sexual predator claims to be transgender to assault women in bathrooms
Why is the Manosphere anti-Vegan?
Forum 4 Page 56

Female James Bond
Brazil: More than 30 men involved in gang rape of 16 year old girl
Salon.com promoting pedophilia again
How do you deal with a compulsive liar?
Paglia: ‘Transgender Mania’ is a Symptom of West's Cultural Collapse
80's Synth thread or New Retro Wave
Zootopia: Disney Strikes Back
Design contest for my next book, Free Speech Isn't Free
Kylie Jenner Desperate To Get Back Over $2 Million From Tyga
Basement dwellers with online charisma
Insane John McAfee Does Blow and UnInstalls his own Software
MSM journalist exposed as complete troll
Racist Chinese Detergent ad Causes Outrage
New seatbelt ad - of course, the guy's the imbecile
Year Zero
American Ninja Warrior
The Empire Strikes Back: Proposed Model Penal Code Revisions to Punish Men
The Increasing Rise Of A Sex-Negative Narrative In Australia
Delete
Leftism and its influence in the world
Superheroes are all betas when it comes to women
More millennials live with parents than with a romantic partner
High School Fashions in 1969 -- Nobody was fat
Fat, Ugly Woman Can't Even Lock Down Basement Dweller, Makes Anti-Marriage Video
30 years wife divorces husband to party
Memorial day weekend...
The science behind Wingmen
Faggotry is going to the dogs.
#GiveCaptainAmericaABoyfriend is trending on twitter
The US Army to help soldiers by bringing pussy to the front line.
Husband ‘Kills Wife’s Rapist, Hacks off Penis, Cooks it and Eats it’
What Body Parts Women Look At On Guys
Science showing that homosexuality and transgender can change on their own
Sarah Silverman Wants Laws to "Legislate" Male Masturbation
Girls breaking shit at your place
College Newsletter on Obesity: Pretty Much What You Would Expect
Don't Lose the World Because of Ideology
Remaking movies into TV shows
White guys, what's the racial makeup of your friends?
AFC tries to run direct game at a pool party
Forum 4 Page 57

China Questions Taiwan President's Ability to Lead as a "Single Female Politician"
Frozen 2 main character could munch rug
Are Nasa TP Gmanifesto and Christian McQueen all Roosh's alt accounts?
"Trigglypuff" is a perfect representation of SJW political correctness on campus
Why are Suits and Soup acting weird? (retitled)
6 Month Pregnant Woman Kills Man & Injures 3 In DUI Crash
Pepper spray used to break up black UMD graduation party, 2 arrested
Third Graders Forced to Read Book About Boy Who "Likes to Wear a Dress to School"
Looking for a graphic designer (small-scale jobs)
False Flag On Homophobia at Baseball Game
Huffington Post editors meeting
Cornell Frat President Accused of Attempted Rape
Amendment introduced to restrict age and weight of strippers
"Would you bang?" is now considered a rape threat
SJW Suey Park rejects SJWism, Calls it "Violent" "Cult-like"
Can You Hear Me in French (Automatic translation in your ear!)
Worst venn diagram ever: UK feminist attempts to chronicle the alt sphere
Recommendations on new addons or "builds" for kodi?
No Surprise - Biggest Loser - BS Show
Story Telling: Let's Get Back To It
Bruce Jenner: "Call me Caitlyn"
Gay Hollywood Writers Groom 13 yr old actors for gay kiss on ABC Family
Tylenol supports Transgenderism (and other Hamsterisms)
Swedish girl destroys Gender identity politics
A Trump supporting Feminist said this...
Is Evalion a Red Pill Shill?
PSA: Girls do not like metal!
"Pharoah's Serpent": A Giger-esque chemical reaction
What kind of influence should/do older RVF members have on newer/younger ones?
Is the stock market a good thing?
Former Facebook Workers Routinely Suppressed Conservative News
Woman accused man of rape;he spend 4 years in jail; she only gets 2 months !
Woman Masturbates Herself to Death
Shoplifting Now Tolerated in California
Women Seeking Time Off Work for Menstrual Cycles
Norwegian Man Raped by Asylum Seeker
SJW gets White Knights to Assault Alleged Rapist. Encourages Others to do the Same
Scientists Create Chimeras From Human-Animal Hybrid Embryos
Post music videos you like here
Do All Women Have Masochistic Personality Disorder?
Forum 4 Page 58

Why do women fake orgasms ?
Fertilizer Plant Explosion in West, TX
40 year photo of sisters shows the wall approaching
Nasa Test Pilot (NTP) Appreciation Thread
Winners of the April wiki contest
Leftist arrested on bomb charge in Europe, interrogated on "opinions about Roosh"
Feminist says men concerned about tranny bathrooms are "creepy"
America Was Never Great
Woman's Murderous Road Rage in Las Vegas
Power v Empire (TV series)
Plagiarism by highly knowledgeable and highly repped new member?
Star Wars slips further into SJW hell.
NY Mag Start Men's Blog Called "Beta Male"
Member oneeyedjack unleashes BIGGEST gold gift in RVF history
Working for a female boss.
Which hand do you wank with?
Woman cussed out for being a Tranny at Walmart; says "Think of the Trannies!"
Traits, Skills and Attributes You Respect in the Modern Man
Bali, Ex-MMA fighter Amokrane Sabet killed by police after fatally stabbing officer
And so the degeneracy continues... "Serbian Sex Roulette"
Nation's first penis transplant completed
Man behind @GSElevator twitter handle unmasked
Wisconsin Town Invaded By Mass Swarm Of Horny Mayflies
Bunk from 'The Wire' arrested in Atlanta
The Age Of Empires Nostalgia Thread
Princeton Prof: Transgenderism Is a Superstitious Belief
Russian Facial Recognition App
Whats on Your Bucket List?
Ladies' Forum wants to be protected from us
RooshV Forum Member Age Poll
Putin Pussy on the Pedestal: The Miniskirt Army
Auschwitz trial for 94 old SS soldier
Ruby Rose kicked out of restaurant for throwing fries at waiter
Gay Pastor Claims Whole Foods Wrote Anti-Gay Slur on Cake
Holding frame with teenagers
Societal do-over. How to keep masculinity alive.
The FBI is Hiding Recording Devices in the Bay Area
Coming up: Weaponized suicide drones
Benefits of Feminism for RVFers
Vinyl (TV series)
Forum 4 Page 59

Turkish President Erdoğan says gender equality ‘against nature’
A Gamergater trolls geniusly 1000s of SJWs+feminists to believe they were banned
"I'm My Own Prophet!", Topless Feminists Storm Stage at Muslim Conference
What would be the hardest country to invade?
Bartenders Can't Refuse Pregnant Women Alcohol, NYC Says
Maddox's 2016 April Fools Prank Skewers Feminists and SJWs
Meet the Hardest Working Man in Porn
3 Hardest Sports? 
Pro tip for super fast forum searches
Social pressures force Tunisia women to fake virginity
Hackers Successfully Steal $81 Million
Offensive Joke Thread
Birth Control - Can Make Women Gain Weight
Question for the established RVF members...
Ain't No Rest for the Triggered (Social Justice: The Musical III)
Aintree "ladies" day
Police Keep Quiet About New Cell-Tracking Technology
Should Roosh do a Kickstarter?
Elon Musk is the Man
Fat and Gay Feminists Still Not Allowed to Spread Dysfunction in China
If you could only listen to one other album for the rest of your life.
Chuck Norris New Movie AmeriGeddon
Another Day, Another Hashtag: #maybehedoesnthityou
How ALEC Took Florida's 'License to Kill' Law National
More female hamstering: What it means to be a modern day goddess?
Female against Feminism BS
Man Destroys 126-Year-Old Statue Attempting To Take Selfie
How can we bring back the verb "to ball" as to have sex?
Feminist Emma Watson named in latest Panama Papers leak
Movies/Shows You Don't Mind Seeing Over and Over
Fire Devestating City of Fort McMurray; Over 60 000 People Evacuated
Sundance: Daniel Radcliffe’s Farting Corpse Movie Prompts Walk-Outs
The Citadel Punishes Cadet for Exercising Free Speech
Illustrator explains to bros why they need feminism
Little Person Shows Himself to Not Be Little; Flips Script on "What Would You Do?"
Game isn't enough. Bring back patriarchy. [long]
Sledge Hammer! (1980's T.V. Show)
White privilege gives birth to racism, says Sihle Zikalala
Economist Removed from Plane for Algebra
John Cleese Divorce-Raped for Almost $20 Million
Forum 4 Page 60

1,158 Americans  Renounce Citizenship in 2016
Women experience less stress after their husbands die
Macklemore's "white privilege" album bombs
The "It's not as bad as you think" thread.
Rich and Famous Men Still Get Played Volume VI: The Andre Iguodala Story
What types of careers will your direct your future children towards?
Notice: All private messages in the database will be deleted on February 21
Vote on the title of my next book
A man gets kidnapped at the gas station by 4 guys.
L.A. Serial Killer "Grim Sleeper" Convicted Of 10 Counts Of Murder
Teenage Boy Takes His Mother To Prom
Horrible, Cheap NBA Owner Blames His Sorry Squad On "Millennial Culture"
Defiant Del Taco Delegate Debates Damaged Dumbasses Due To Dressing Demands
Phone question
Kim Jong-un's "pleasure-squad" of teenage girls
Sadiq Khan sworn in as new London mayor
Boy has 3000 pounds present from tesco just cause he is black
"Women Lose When Men Bumble" - Man the Hell Up
The cannibalism of the Left
BYU Punishing Sexual Assault Accusers for Misconduct
"Women are less happy than men in marriage"
SJW triggerred by LSU live Tiger Mascot wishing "Happy Cinco de Mayo"
Sexual Harassment Training May Have "Reverse Effect"
Texas Man Killed His Prom Date With Rough Sex
US Women's Soccer: We want equal pay ....wait, nevermind.
Italian court rules food theft 'not a crime' if hungry
White Girl and Black Boy Sext Each Other. Guess What Happens?
#RapedAtSpelman: Twitter Account Alleges Morehouse Gang Rape
[Italy] Symbol of the fight against violence towards women stalks, runs over ex-bf.
Woman makes millions pretending to have cancer
Body Of Famed Alpinist Alex Lowe Found In Tibetan Mountain Of Shishapangma
25 Year-Old Woman Drives Drunk Into Crowd At Oklahoma St. Parade, 4 Dead, 44 Hurt
47% of Americans would have trouble finding $400 for an emergency
Chris Mathews
Men who "propose" to their wives are invariably betas who get divorce raped
Important: Forum Rules Have Been Revised
Girl left heartbroken after people comment about her prom photos
What is the earliest / latest you should call someone?
First baby drop-off box for unwanted newborns installed in Indiana
Another White Knight Killed Intervening in A Domestic Dispute
Forum 4 Page 61

This world is so PC you can't even mention redpill ideas
Chris Sacca Thinks Twitter is Way Too White, and It's Costing Him Money
Texting with a Nigerian scammer
Turd Flinging Monkey - the Enemies of Man
I need help naming my next book
A Picture that Summarizes Your Ideal Life
Father Demonstrates Discipline, Internet Warriors To The Rescue
52 year old trolls social media to find mystery father of her 13 year old daughter
Country Music Legend Merle Haggard Dies On 79th Birthday
Beta wears t-shirt made by fat GF
Chiaroscuro, or, the Spinster Festival in Italy
Zero Hedge writers exposed
Four Vietnam Veterans Recreate Beach Photo 50 Years Later
The Perfect Cheerleader
Daredevil (2015 netflix series)
#MoreThanMean #LookAtTheseFaggotts
"Meternity" Leave - Women Without Children Want Maternity Leave
How did the sex vs gender distinction come about?
Crazed SJW assaults white rasta dope over dreads
Mass Slaying Of Rhoden Family In Pike County, Ohio
World's largest "barbie" earns $58k a year for looking like Miss Piggy
My grandmother wrote a famous book that was plagiarized.
When did heavy metal become pussy music?
IRT publicly masturbates to white woman, Indians apologise
For those of you who enjoy "heavy music" a.k.a metal and why it appeals to men.
The Wall, as seen through ex-pornstar mugshots
Are women capable of feeling the same sort of existential angst as men?
Official Forum Things!
SJW Feminist Festival Crashed By Crowder
Metro Detroit?
[LONG READ] The Campus Rape Myth
Mother's Day
Oral sex is not rape if victim is unconscious from drinking
Essay: How Homosexuality Has Changed Male Friendships
An End to the Pain of Sexual Resentment
Alabama sorority video denounced as "hyper feminine"
Klitschko vs Fury
Why is the US dollar so high?
Now accepting suggestions for new emoticons
Chase TV Spot, 'College Savings With Fairy Dadmother'
Forum 4 Page 62

Happy Equal Pay Day - April 12th
Five more days to enter the Kings Wiki contest
If you met your unicorn what would you do?
UK: 12 Year-Old Boy Goes to Jail for Rape, 13 Year-Old Girl Later Admits It's False
Blowjob machine simulates hands-free blowjobs
My wife and I are white evangelicals. Here’s why we chose to give birth to black...
This just in -- from 20 years ago -- CIA paper explains why Muslims' Pants On Fire
22-year-old college student blows her $90,000 college fund and blames her parents
States deciding that 'ladies nights' at bars are discrimatory
Jennifer Aniston named world's most beautiful port-o-potty by People magazine
How to Ruin a Mans Life over $13 (Soner Yasa) - False rape accusation
Wait, what? A MSM site calls SJWs for the loonies they are
A Self-Described 'Cougar' Explains Why Young Men Make Life Worth Living
Basic Bollywood Bitch Hijacks Uber Pickup
WWE Legend 'Chyna' Found Dead At 45
"In the news" nominations for Kings Wiki
Loveshack.org
Jordan Owen Attacking Roosh Yet Again...
YouTuber Tobuscus Accused of Rape by Ex-Girlfriend From Three Years Ago
SJW marries terrorist
Forum Pet Peeves
Dana Delany "explaining" how she looks so young
When a woman slows down her Wall well into her 50's
Guide to hiring IT people in Silicon Valley pisses off SJWs (of course)
Suicide rate for middle-aged women jumps by 63 percent
Ex-Boyfriend Faked His Death to Catch Marine Beauty in Murder Plot
Keith Allen Harward Freed After 30 Years In Prison For Rape/Murder He Didn't Commit
Posters in Beijing are warning young women that handsome foreigners may be spies
Triumph the insult comic dog talks to university students
What's your favorite wine for under $10?
ESPN fires Curt Schilling after transgender comments
She got caught up in the likes’: Teen accused of live-streaming friend’s rape for att
What do women want at NASA events?
Man Is Suing Yahoo (Women only) For Sexism
Domino’s pizza delivery driver sacked after sending thirsty messages to ugly woman
Scientists analyze Freddie Mercury's singing and speaking voice
What color eyes do you have?
Aussie woman assaults police officer and receives 'pussy pass' fine
Australia goes further down the rabbit hole...
Grandmother just passed. I still haven't shed a tear. Does that make me a sociopath?
Forum 4 Page 63

Jeniffer Aniston named most beautiful woman in the world
Girls Mirin' Subreddit
How to prevent and defend against false rape and domestic violence charges
Ask for ID first
Florida Alimony Profits and Child Custody Litigation Preserved By Governor's Veto!
Tuthmosis's 5,000th Post!
Dropping bait to identify SJW's
Medal of Honor Recipients
How to end the obesity epidemic
Dominican Republic rolls out deportation juggernaut to deport Haitian immigrants
Straight man has a masculinized GF, now he's "gay"
The Skyrim Appreciation Thread
A Patrice O'Neal documentary is underway
Fortune Mag Ass. Editor Wants more Female Headliners
The Current Events Thread
Hipsters
Feminist Theater.. MARVEL at the wonders!
Yet another reason not to send dick pics to feminists
Jury Duty
Becoming a mayor
Obama will push push Executive Order Action on Immigration, thoughts?
San Francisco Mayor Bans City Employees from Travel to NC over Tranny Bathrooms
Do you believe that you were poorly educated?
Fraudulent Female ebike rider likely going to get a big settlement
Found her! The girl who assaulted me in Montreal is Concordia student Katie Nelson
Is Mario (Nintendo) a white night?
humansofstraya.com
When Real Life Smacks You In The Face
DC Area meetup proves SMV dissonance
Mother Got Cheated on and Dumped. How Would You Handle it?
With dating apps women over 40 haven't hit the wall
At what point did you drop your political party affiliation?
Why is SJWism and active atheism correlated?
Women as friends.
BATTLE OF MONTREAL: Police report filed against Jessica Lelievre
Paradox of hardship and ease
Older woman finds out husband is cheating after 30 yrs
Why Theatre Majors are the Worst People on Your College Campus
Black students blame America for black girl who attacked white guy with dreadlocks
Who Would Be in Your RVF Dream Team?
Forum 4 Page 64

The Clarence Thomas Nomination Debacle: Race and Sexual Harassment
World political trend about to be bucked?
Sex selective abortion is happening in Canada
Mickey Royal - The Pimp Game Instructional Guide
Kids on "Why do women earn less than men".
White Knights are just like Thirsty Expats
Naked Ape
OSU Administration Threatens Expulsion towards SJWs
Game Theory - Hypothetical Situations
Workplace Equality? Not so much...
California student spends his financial check on a couples retreat to SEA
Any of you watch homicide hunter?
Anyone else distant from their siblings?
Harvard Men's Club trolls Feminists
How will America even survive after Generation Z?
Corporations Respond to North Carolina Law / Why are Corporations so Leftist?
Student Launches Petition to shut down Hotties of University of Melbourne FB Page
Fry's Ides over Snide Chide
Cook to Bang
SEA STORIES  -  There I was.......
What should I do if I can't join military?
No jail for Muslim mother who circumcised her daughters.
NASA Releases 1.5 Billion Pixel Panoramic Picture Of The Andromeda Galaxy
French Foreign Legion
Ethics teacher has sex with 16 year old student
"To My Fellow Women, Please Don't Settle"
The Proper Way To Give Someone A Rep Point
This guy needs to swallow the red pill before it's to late
Of all the shows on Earth to have this, FULLER HOUSE just had a red pill moment
Mother of Sanaya Sahib confesses to toddler’s murder
Silent man genocide
NJ teens in hot water for Holocaust themed beer pong
What Are 3 Qualities You Seek In Another Man?
False Rape Conviction Chronicles - Sydney, Australia Edition
REDPILL: A Genetic Predisposition?
Manosphere.com down?
New Women-Only Uber Service: "Chariot for Women"
Feminist protesters seek attention...Russia responds with horse whips
The Big Stall: What Explains The Stagnation Of The Modern Male?
What will it take to break America out of its delusion?
Forum 4 Page 65

The Great Pharaoh Awakens
Lifetime post-toilet-training fecal accident count
A Circumcision Gone Wrong: The Forced Transsexuality Of David Reimer & Narcissism
Single Men In This Turkish Village Are Protesting
Basketball Coach Fired for hitting on woman reporter outside of work
Debunking the Gender Gap Myth
#ShoutYourStatus - girls are bragging about their STDs now
West Indian Archie Drops Knowledge
Grandma Pulls A Knife Out On Her 6 Year Old Grandson For Disrespecting Her
Woman sexually abuses 1 year son to buy Laptop! No jail time!
The male student who says he suffers periods when his female flatmate does
Beta cuck gets punked by old man in front of his girlfriend.
I Charge the White Man
Man bought hotel to spy on people having sex
Fat shaming gym poster criticised on same day as water declared wet
Norwegian man raped by Somali migrant feels guilty that the rapist was deported
Canada: false sexual harassment allegations
Latinos now outnumber whites in California
American Girls Be Like
This is real: Pussy Beer brewed from Czech model's vagina bacteria
Forum Visual Privacy Tip
An ode to Lindy West
One Song that Defines Your Life
CNN commentator criticizes magazine for categorizing Amy Schumer as "plus-size"
Sacre Bleu! Fines and prison for using "too thin" models in France
Please delete dupe
Who were you during high school?
Nothing Sadder Than An Old Man's Sex Talk - Gov of Alabama
Now the left want to normalise INCEST: Mother says sex with her son is 'incredible'..
Masculine Melodies
The #1 priority for women in next 20 years will be:  keep men happy
Tokyo Joe gifts gold to 48 members
White knight brewery
American Women ( Worst of Thread )
Female sexuality doesn't matter
Thoughts on the Batman v Superman movie?
The Movie Set That Ate Itself - A Movie About a Nobel Prize Winning Russian Physicist
Jays' manager makes dress comment, PC chick whines.
G Manifesto based on a character?
Attractive Women Who Settle For Betas
Forum 4 Page 66

Roosh V Forum and Feminism are One
White knightery and biology
Could you bang a fat chick?
Vegan Youtube Fitness Celebrity Goes on a Rant Against Women and Children
Gustavus Adolphus gifts gold to 10 members
Were skirts and dresses invented to tantalize men and make it easier to grope women?
NHL Blackhawks Star Patrick Kane Rape Investigation (No Charges)
National Championship Game: Villanova vs. North Carolina
Anyone Here Watchng Archer?
When Has Oprah NOT Been on a Diet?
Porn Star James Dean Accused of Rape by Ex Girlfriend (Porn Star) Stoya (NSFW)
'Daddy is a her?"
PanamaPapers - Secret offshore accounts of high rang Politicians / Celebrities
America is finished as a great nation, here's why.
Carrie needs advice!
Millennial girls twice as likely to report bisexual sex than Gen X
Conservative office trashed by leftist thugs in Australia
Cuckmedians
Google Maps introduces iconic Roosh V character to celebrate Neomasculinity Movement
Commercial pilots ruin their lives for plastic-blonde bimbo socialite
New identity verification guidelines for all members
Horror Legend Wes Craven Dies At 76 From Brain Cancer
Official RVF Telegram channel
Deletion of old pms
Fatso: Understanding The Codependency Of The Nice Guy
Frank, anonymous Hacker News comment from avowed Social Justice Warrior
Woman has "Ghost" pics created of dead daughter; now charged with murdering her
First day of taking a women's literature course
Moderation notice: stop trying to "trick" members
Chubby White Rapper Action Bronson Dropped From Another Concert Lineup.
Pornstar Marsha May/Bibi Miami is a sex offender for sex acts with girls ages 12-14.
Bitch Ass Nucca Alert: Lakers Rookie Videotapes Teammate Talking About Jump-Offs
University students "In Tears" and "Feeling Hurt" after Milo lectures red pill truths
What Climate/Weather or Landscapes do you prefer?
Chick kicks out a college bball player and hopes she is pregnant
Feminist says Batman v Supernan is male patriarchy.  Female characters are helpless.
Kickstarter is SJW central
Chick Denies The Lay, Man Rips One And Gets Away
Beyond Borders appreciation thread
31 y.o. beautiful career woman, can't get a boyfriend: hangs herself!
Forum 4 Page 67

Microsofts AI bot turn into a racist...
Best of RvF: Posts with 50+ 'Likes'
This snuggle whore makes bank off lonely men
Pope John Paul II had a "relationship" with a married woman for 30 years
Egyptian Plane hijacked, forced to land in Cyprus
Trump's Grandpa Was A Pimp
Latest Win For Social Justice Warriors in Australia
What Happens When Your Dad is a Megacuck
Should Politics continue remaining separate from Everything Else?
Keanu Reeves has strong gun shooting skills
Apple challenging FBI demand to hack iphone
Cali bill requires IDs for Burner phones
UK "supermodel" swaps modeling for "social activism"
Gunman shot at US Capitol building
Lesson of the day: Follow through with the divorce
Californication
Pussy students 'traumatized' by chalk writing about Trump on footpath
Why I won't date another 'male feminist' (are blow jobs degrading?)
Aldi stocks "pro-Rape" Paint. Triggers aplenty!
Forum members by rep
Man Hires Hooker- Daughter Shows Up
Roosh mentioned in Stefan Molyneux video
Wall Victim - Larisa Oleynik (Alex Mack)
Friendship Versus Donald Trump
Poll. Should women be allowed to vote
Facebook is becoming scary!
UK=Stalin, man arrested for post on twitter
Watch a snarky, dumpy, purple-haired basic fembot "design" her perfect guy & meet him
Professional Victim Hustle Alert: "Activist" Claims Sexual Harrassment By NBA Players
Phife Dawg from A Tribe Called Quest dead at 45
If your nation has Gender Equality - You will win the Olympics
"The Red Pill Woman Trap" and the Mainstreaming of the Manosphere
RVF/ROK ANNUAL MEETUPS DID HAPPEN
Simp Chronicles - Ex Model Single Mom of 3 gets engaged!
What Good Deeds Have You Done Recently?
Garry Shandling - dead at 66
Boston Bombing-Injured Girl Killed in a Ferrari Car Wreck in -- DUBAI
“Reality” Manipulated in Real-Time Face Capture And Reenactment
Reason for divorce - Online Shopping Addiction
American College of Pediatricians: Gender Ideology Harms Children
Forum 4 Page 68

Simping Thread - Famous Women with kids getting remarried!
Dolly Alderton's Hamster: Sunday Times Columnist
Nixon Aide Reportedly Admitted Drug War Was Meant To Target Black People
French Air Traffic Control Strike, Hundreds of Flights Cancelled
Official AFL Thread
Internet votes on new Royal Research Ship Name - current leader: Boaty McBoatface
Super Alpha Djokovic reveals his motivation secret
Female Facial Composites from Around the World
Banned from nightclubs cause of my affiliation with 'pro-rape group'
Cab driver falsely accused of rape saved by his phone app
Brussels Airport explosions: At least 30 dead and 50 injured
Man kills woman who denounced him for "sexual harassment"
Elite Daily has advice for men trying to find a GF that surprisingly isn't garbage
Girl Born Without A Jaw Has One Fashioned From Her Rib Cage By Doctors
Staring at women as reportable offence in UK
How Many Americans Are Married To Their Cousins
False rape accuser exposed through text messages
The server downtime thread
Wile E Coyote Gets a Driver's License
What to make of the Iran deal?
College students hate free speech (Video)
Roosh to give Press Conference in Washington DC Hotel on 6 February 2016 @ 7pm
Donald Duck: Dutiful Beta (almost)
UC Merced Student Stabs 4 people and Is Killed – Another Social Retard?
Haters Getting Creative on Youtube - Anti-PUA Song
All 20-year-old women should read this article
Ben Shapiro on Anti-Leftist Tactics
A comparison of the friendliness of Americans vs Kiwis
Powerful TV Commercials
#WTFU: Where's the Fair Use? YouTube Censorhsip
At Harvard students debate should whites kill themselves
Bleeding Bitches Beg Obama's Ballerina to Buy Them Boxes of Bleeding Blockades
A Father's Woes
Consistently Floored by chicks ability to get laid
Gavin McInnes to Women 'You'd Be Much Happier At Home'
$10 bill
How To Destroy A Forum
Thanks for all the fish:  Only 48 percent of modern teens identify as straight
Indiana Jones 5 Officially Set for 2019; Ford & Spielberg Returning
Alpha and Black Knight Thread
Forum 4 Page 69

Subway Spokesman Jared Has His House Raided During Kiddie Porn Investigation
Freedom of Thought Under Attack at University of Arizona
I'm feeling fucking happy today thread
California to Require Mandatory Sexual Consent Classes
Spain, under the threat of feminism
Share a bit of local dialect from where you grew up
Pressure makes Barbie's legs open wide
Survival School
Was this guy just taken for a sucker?
Man loses ENTIRE wealth in divorce courts
The Sexy Booty Dance Thread
RT: Privacy a 'luxury good', under proposed consumer privacy rule
Things losers say
Is David Beckham Beta for bailing out Victoria Beckhams failing fashion business?
Angelina Jolie had double mastectomy.
The X-Files Is Making A Comeback On TV
Meghan Trainor's latest "empowering" song
Donald Trump's Red Pill views on women
Portland Community College to devote an entire month to 'whiteness'-shaming
I Could Have Been Mayor Of Titty City
Facebook "Community Standards"
Baywatch remake, some first pics (NSFW)
Chumlee of Pawn Stars arrested following raid
Chick Tops Off Denny's Waiter As A Tip, Waiter Gets Fired
Good husband score - graded quarterly by wife
Texas lawmaker "blames the victim": To prevent sexual assault, stay sober
Facebook and it's nasty effect on pregnancy
Women obsess over Felon's MugShot
Feminism or Cancer
High School Reunion
J.K. Rowling attacked for 'cultural appropriation' - Irony factor: 10
Second Wachowski Sibling Goes Trans
Creepy guy messaging my sister
White College Students Create A Union To "Advance Their Race"
Funny comic about Roosh
Left Keeps Eating Its Own: Current Crosshairs -- J.K. Rowling
#TheTriggering
Workplace Trends 2016 (Infographic)
Is there anyone else who grew up within a single mom household beside myself in RVF?
McDonald's Taiwan Goes Full-Gay Progressivism, Backfires Miserably, Boycott Called
Forum 4 Page 70

Paul Watson completely destroys retarded feminists
This is how a woman should look like when she is 48
Maria Sharapova fails drug test, approaching the wall
Beatles producer George Martin, dead at 90
Georgia Set To Perform Execution Of Only Female On Death Row: Kelly Renee Gissendaner
RT: 50 Shades of Legally Grey: Federal court strikes down consensual kink
Google’s AI Wins First Game in Historic Match With Go Champion
International Women's Day
Shitty Music thread.
Beta Stories of our Friends
Twitter Is Preparing To Purge Us With New Algorithm Timeline
Getting Jumped When You Are With A Girl
Five new york women believe that sales tax shouldn't apply to tampons.
Proliferation of Female Sportscasters
Did you play outside as a kid?
Man charged with criminal harassment after pissing off & "creepin" Twitter Feminists
New book about women's emerging "options"
ANZ #equalfuture campaign in Australia.
Kam Chancellor wanted to check out a gym, employees called cops
Latin music/regaeton
Saudi Arabia prank video: suicide bomber taxi driver
The more chores you do, the more likely your marriage will end in divorce
Doctors urge schools to ban tackling in rugby
Nancy Reagan, 1921-2016
Mangina work more around the hose - but do less manly chores
How are you holding up after the meetup outrage?
Male nurses, teachers do more housework than other guys
Hollywood Cuties
Need support for a prenup petition
7 Ways The Realities .... in German language
Thin blonde girl resists police officer during shoplifting arrest
Lena Dunham Hospitalized for Ruptured Ovarian Cyst
Beauty is youth.  Youth is beauty.
Nanny in Russia decapitates baby and walks streets of Moscow
How often do murder go unsolved?
Flats over high heels
Classic funny rant on women by Joe Derosa on Opie and Anthony
Conservatorship and/or guardianship of an elderly parent - how to do it?
Nagging doesn't work: "What Happened When I Stopped Playing Secretary for My Family"
How Many Women do You Think Your Dad Slept With?
Forum 4 Page 71

Harvard Bows to SJWs and Abolishes the Title "Master"
84 year-old Billionaire Rupert Murdoch engaged to Jerry Hall
Hollywood Vs. The Catholic Church
Hi, I'm a Slut - A Slam Poem
Journalist suspended by Sydney Morning Herald over false rape story
Eric "Winkle" Brown RIP
Woman reveals to Fiance she used to strip and be a prostitute
"I had an abortion and it was a totally joyful experience"
Fatty Whines About Being 'Discriminated' by Wal-Mart For Stretching Out Their Clothes
How many men do you think your mom has slept  with ?
Unexpected ways the forum has changed you
Wall Victim: Britney Spears
Derek Jeter Gets Engaged
Warpig: "My Boyfriend Loves Fat Women"
Former Chesapeake Energy CEO Aubrey McClendon dies in car crash
Mark Zuckerburg walks by room of virtual reality zombies
I've felt the beast breath. ROK-MeetupDayReport, Frankfurt, Germany
Women beat up minor after bad sex...
Feminism Shit
a backup plan
MGTOW youtuber: Roosh and the rest of us are all useful idiots
'Resting bitch face' is real, scientists say
50 sexy girls to watch out for in 2016
Are Australian women fatter than American women
I've been falsely accused of rape by a rape-obsessed South Carolina writer
The Great Shift of Wealth and Power to the East
Doesn't This Refute The Leftist's Point Against Fathers?
George Kennedy, 1925-2016
What other blogs / forums do you visit?
Swans frontman Michael Gira falsely accused of rape
H.S. Senior Saves Money From Menial Jobs, Buys Flowers For Every Girl At His School
Preventive Security Measures: Update your email and delete sensitive PMs
My live chat with prominent MRA Karen Straughan (Girlwriteswhat)
Looking for playboy-for-hire in San Francisco
Can Someone Help with Reflashing BIOS?
Your Fight Night Ring Entourage... Choose 5
Guy Threatens Violence Against Woman on Twitter - Media Shitstorm Ensues
Strange twist in alleged Brooklyn gang rape case
Suspicious Viagra restriction bill in Tennessee
Mother of 4 repulsed by her husband. His touch "makes my skin crawl"
Forum 4 Page 72

Mother of 4 repulsed by her husband. His touch "makes my skin crawl"
Phil Collins to rewed ex after $46 million settlement.
Costa Mesa Church Offers Free Oil Change to Single Moms
Does The Manosphere Have A Secret "Anti-Language"
We need an alternative to Twitter, what will it be?
Tor hacked, info provided to FBI
So you want to beat (or cripple) the system?: Move your savings!
The Seinfeld Reunion That Would Have Been
Pacquiao dumped by Nike over anti-gay comments
Peter Liang and the SJW divide in the Asian Community
Sports Illustrated breaks another boundry!
Gawker writer is trying to get a guy fired for his tweets
Reminder for new members: don't hesitate to have avatars!
15-year-old boy used 'coercion' to 'rape' woman, 47
George W. Bush is smarter than you
App lets diners split bill based on racial and gender income inequality
Future of Rooshvforum
Feminists Love Islamists video
Cindy Crawford looks like Caitlyn Jenner
Women code better than men? Let's analyze this research
University of Connecticut plans to build dorm for black male students
Creation of Europe and Election subforums
Popular youtuber Sam Pepper succumbs to SJW mob, quits internet
Thin, Feminine High School Girl in a Dress Knocks Guy Out Cold
European Union parliament member proposes ban of me and ROK readers from Europe
"World's Worst Selfie"
Rent-A-Minority
Should we reach out to cops?
Jake and Josie hooked up.. Jake is charged with rape
Is Tuthmosis still here?
The Onion, RIP
Alpha Grandpa Chronicles Chpt 1
Brown University students upset that academics are interfering with their protesting
Best Music From The '70's Thread
Dakota Johnson says men are afraid to ask her out.
Avast (the antivirus software)
Music Industry - puts women on pedestal
Sunday World just branded me a "Sicko with links to pro-rape group."
Women Have Weaponized Gossip via Social Media
People wanting to legalise beastiality...
Forum 4 Page 73

9 year old boy charged with sexual harassment for writing a love letter
Movies with strong male leads?
Lita Ford of Runaways fame pens tell all book
Rich and Famous Men Still Get Played Volume V: The Amir Johnson Story
Canada: Troolander gets cucked by Islam
Divorced Woman Gives An Epic, Months-Long Send-Off To Her Wedding Gown
Single Mom Paid Thousands By Sugar Daddies
Five Black Lives Matter protesters shot in Minneapolis; police arrest one suspect
Vasalgel testing success, moving to phase two
Rupert Grint: "Ron Would Have Divorced Hermione By Now"
Commuter cleared of false rape accusations
South Dakota passes transgender student bathroom ban bill
We should organize international Jock Walk events
Crazy bird makes her BF wear a shirt with her picture on it
Woman discovers 'boyfriend' of 2 years is woman when she removes blindfold during sex
Ex-employee accuses BJ Penn of Sexual Assault on twitter
"Red Tribe" vs "Blue Tribe" / meritocracy vs credentialism -fantastic "paranoid rant"
My cousin needs some help
Reggie yates calls off marriage after telling MGTOW to man up.
Bringing Back Men-Only Clubs
Teen breaks teacher's nose for perceived gay gesture
The Rabbit Hash -- A 186 Year-Old General Store -- Burns Down In Kentucky
Alex Jones assasination attempt?!
Masculine wisdom from gererations past
Olympian, mother, wife and prostitute
"Women Who Eat on Tubes" sparks outrage
The Doxxing
"Walking Distance," On Why The Past Is Best Left In The Past
Observer piece on SJW
When You Are Wrong - Do you take the punishment like a man?
MEETUP DAY: Forum State Of Emergency
Ashley Dupre -- Elliot Spitzer's hooker -- got married
Tethering and Portable Hotspot options
How come women laugh so easily, but aren't funny?
Basic Bitch changes Tinder profile to look feminine, upset men are more interested
Looking to sue an SJW, seeking tech support
Looking to sue an SJW, seeking tech support
First Size-16 Model to Cover Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition
Sara Mcdaniels Playboy
Crocs Before Bitches
Forum 4 Page 74

Common Core Thread
Science says: stop using fat fucks for models, they're making things worse
USA Today Involved In Nasty Peyton Manning Sexual-Assault Case Cover-Up
Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia Found Dead At West Texas Resort
Underground Music from SA,CA Thread  (Share music)
Good face or good body
Facetune makes your ugliest selfies look beautiful
Post-outrage update
What's the name for this logical fallacy?
Amsterdam meetup infiltration
Digits-span test
Video of how college girls react to my ideas
Valentine's Day. Its a love hate kinda thing.
I do not feed at the trough of the common man
Put your money where your f*cking mouth is!
Swiss female prison guard escapes with convicted Syrian rapist
Who marries whom?
the pervasiveness of feminist culture knows no bounds...
Gloria Steinem: Young women back Sanders so they can meet 'boys'
It begins. Lawsuit for institutionalized University rape culture.
Biggest red pill you ever had to swallow?
Has anyone been contacted by the leader of the Toronto tribe?
Leftist Rporter spoke in a meetup - here are my notes
Rising Dawn, Gone Twilight
Need a little help about child support in Illinois.
An UNRETOUCHED photo of Cindy Crawford surfaced on Twitter
The rise and fall of Hunter Moore
Warm up the popcorn: a MSM woman thinks men are mistreated
How to help homeless men(especially elderly)
Time for Roosh to ask for damages and compensations?
A Nation's Elite Undermining it's People Fears its Men
Norwegian with Slut Guilt in Croatia?
Woman calls for reducing population of men by 90%
Does Roosh's Work Prevent Rape?
Doritos commercial is under fire
Forum website blocked at my jr college.
Maggie Gyllenhaal hits a wall, enters denial, deemed too old
The War On Men
How do you deal with obnoxious clowns?
Inner Circle Dating App now banning women in London
Forum 4 Page 75

Master List Of Protests on Feb 6
MEETUP DAY: Australia information and operations
Shoplifter leaves phone and urine at crime scene.
Why veterans miss war
ELECTION Preparedness
Guys, Use This Savage Moment in Our History to Further Yourself
MEETUP DAY: Cancellation
RooshV Meetup Sydney - The moments leading up and a close call
Coolest Male Movie Character Ever
MEETUP DAY: After The Cancellation
NYC Lower Manhattan Crane Fail
Wanted in China: More Male Teachers, to Make Boys Men
Document Threats or Suspicious Activities
Food for thought.....
MEETUP DAY: America media coverage and planning
Girl who threw beer at me in Montreal traveling all the way to DC just to see Roosh!
Counter Narrative (ie. TRUTH) is emerging.
You're on the front page of Daily Mail now
Roosh Appreciation Thread
No Charges for Cops Who ‘Accidentally’ Fired 107 Bullets at Mom and Daughter
Louisville Bans Themselves From Postseason For Using Prostitutes
Unofficial meetups Photos Precaution - EXIF data
Kelly from 90210: Wall victim?
Day care worker fired after flipping off a child on Snapchat
I'm A Sydney-sider, Get Me Out Of Here!
Courage and Audacity
The NFL to establish Affirmative Action "Rooney Rule" for hiring more women
Extremely Obese Man Loses 400 Lbs After Trolling A Bodybuilding Forum
MEETUP DAY: February 6, 2016 at 8PM
Popular Youtuber Phil De Franco  Mentions Roosh V in latest video
Fighting Back Against Lies & the Revision of History and Reality
Woman unknowingly rejects Cristiano Ronaldo: The importance of status
MEETUP DAY: Listing of meetings that have planned protests against them
Persecution of Neo-Masculinty Public Meetings: Outrage and Response
Julian Assange: Over Three Years Later
Roosh's Twitter
Christian jail visitor falls in love with murderer who glued victim's lips together
Rose McGowan Questions Why Woman of the Year Was a Man
OPERATIONS: Blowback, response to Parliament
Girls dressing slutty
Forum 4 Page 76

Roosh & Return of Kings is now on the British Parliament Website
Model Hits Up Girlfriends, Wives of Thirsty Dudes Who Send Her Dick Pics
Instagram Husbands
Meetup day theme idea - protesting rape by male feminists
Dick Pic Photographer
"How to" book for "rapists" turns into death threats
Rebel Media Video on Roosh V February 3, 2016
After The Dust Settles
STATUS UPDATE: Wednesday, February 3, 2016
Lets agree to stop using "SJWs" and start using "PC Crybullies"
Rationalwiki reveals itself to be a shill site.
Delta flight attendants come to blows in the air
CDC urges young women to avoid drinking unless using contraception
HEADS UP: Anonymous wants the forum email list
Yahoo ex-employee sues, alleging manipulation of performance reviews and gender bias
MEETUP DAY: Operation Save The Foreign Meetups
MEETUP DAY: 4 Things You Can Do to Help Roosh and Return of Kings
Quintus Curtius's blog
Out of control immigration will eventually cause nuclear war
MEETUP DAY: Canada information and operations
Cuban Men - Why Foreign Women Fall Hard
Roosh cited in NY Daily News article (Australians Call for Ban On Anti-Feminist Blogg
Jamaican Male denied visa after spotted out with American sex tourist
Charity or cultural activities if money was no obstacle
Most Out Of Place PC Shit EVER [Graphic Design Firm Website]
Jury acquits Texas dad arrested for taking daughter's cell phone
Observations on Local versus Foreign Women
My Twitter account was locked because of two tweets mocking an admitted pedophile
Woke up to ROK bashing in main Sydney Paper
NYT Reports Drastic Increase In Prescription Drug Deaths For Young Whites
Roosh has made it to Facebook.
House Music
Is Tuthmosis still around?
NFL releases report: Incognito, others "bullied" Martin
Post two conspiracy theories: one you believe and one you made up
Transpeciophobia - Woman says she is cat trapped in human body
CIA releasing X-files concerning UFOs
Any fans of the Dune Series?
IOC Issues New Tranny Guidelines
Two-thirds of volunteer firefighter staff resign over chief being forced to resign...
Forum 4 Page 77

Complete list of genders
Guy who lifts gets confronted cheating in mall
Tennessee Teens Dead After Drinking Methanol "Dewshine" Cocktail
Forum Problem
Free Masonic shooting plan stopped
Ashley Madison hacked - affairs might not be so secret
The "Illuminati" and the Collapse of Traditional Relations
For guys who know 'Asian Sex Diary' Website
Flint, Michigan water
I love facebook!
Miami Doctor Gets Pussy Pass From Police After Attacking Uber Driver
Pope brings a woman into Vatican management : she quickly betrays him!
Undefeated High School Wrestler Sacrifices Perfect Record to Kid with Down Syndrome
Have you ever served in the military?
75% of British Men Would Turn Down 1st Date Sex
Toronto Hotel residents evicted for "Refugees"
Top 14 YouTube video fails to bear in mind before Valentine's Day
Senator Lisa Murkowski: Only women showed up to work after snowstorm...
Stalking - what is the reason for it?
Ever notice how some women have horrible social skills?
South Carolina Introduces Bill: Responsible Journalism Registry Law
How much can "full" vary on a car?
Ontario man fined for posting intimate video of ex-girlfriend
On the myth of bald guy being a lesser human being
Dodging Student Debt by Going Abroad
#NoHymenNoDiamond
Israeli politician handles harassment charges - challenges accusers to file charge
Blizzard 2016
What's it take to get banned here?
European men act like women
Honest Opinions of Forum Members
The American Shooting Thread
Mississippi Gun-Store Owner and Son Die in Shootout with Customers
Jameis Winston Not Charged
Creation of Politics subforum
Betches Love This
Gameless pussy shoots woman who rejects him
20 Dead, 200 Hospitalized After Reports US Lab "Leaks" Deadly Virus In Ukraine
The Economist: Young Single Males Are Dangerous
Inspiration: The Rocky Story
Forum 4 Page 78

Market starting to agree uni degrees ain't worth shit
(UK) Innocent men now can be ordered to to tell police if he plans to have sex
#AffirmativeActionOscars
the one man thrill ride
Your greatest victories!
IVF treatment an expensive con... nah, couldn't be.
Radical Islamic fuck shoots Philadelphia Cop at close range.  Cop lives.
Chinese guys gets his girlfriend a boob job for her birthday. Violence ensues.
California dancer says she's been "released" after attaining 100 partners
Julie Delpy: "There Is Nothing Harder Than Being Female In Hollywood"
Lifestyle bank roll
2016 Recession?
Guy dismantles Trevor Noah's anti-gun arguments
Which one would you rather settle with?
Britains most married man, proposes to Filipino call centre worker
International Tribal Meetup Day Discussion/FAQ
Cowspiracy: Westernization Factory Farming of the World
Australian women: worst attitudes in the world
Leo DiCaprio picks up the hottest girls in the club with a chimp mask on
Porn's dirtiest secret: What everyone gets paid
Now even plus size models are not enough: moron
I've publicly outed myself, am currently under attack by SJWs and it feels great
Do you agree with this woman?
Man faces 6 months in jail for disagreeing with feminists on Twitter
Woman lives as a man for 18 months to see what it's like
Feminist Playboy writer pens article about why women date assholes
Global wealth inequality- 62 people are now as wealthy as world's 3,6 billion poorest
What did you think when you found this forum?
Women gather for 'free the nipple' to fight the 'patriarchy'.
Where an extravagant wedding photo shoot doesn't necessarily require a groom
Paper Camera - Possible workaround for no "photos"? [NSFW]
Imagine if you had access to this forum when you were 12
Hello kitty weirdo has trouble finding a man..
High Rental Market destroying economy
Strange twist in alleged Brooklyn gang rape case
Male Youtube Celebrity Makes Sobbing Video About Abusive Ex-GF
What are your unusual interests?
Time vs Stairway to Heaven
Agafya Lykova -- The "Feral" Siberian Wildwoman -- Airlifted To Russian Hospital
US Sailors captured by Iran - Then Americans apologize for being  wrong
Forum 4 Page 79

Americans Freed from Iran & Sanctions Lifted
"Clever sillies" - why so many intellectuals are also leftists and lack common sense
Getting shitfaced in a bar tonight? Think twice: a cautionary tale
Master of the House: Then and Now
Americans Reject 10 oz Silver Bar For $10
Jakarta attack
Alan Rickman dead at 69.
$550 million Powerball
For non-gun bros: best weapon combination for self-defense?
I can't believe there isn't a separate thread on this
David Bowie dies at 69 after 18 month battle with cancer
Idea for Showing Most Liked Posts in Profile
Are women capable of saving $?
A microcosm of life in Australia
Showing off the "creepy" Tinder horror messages and stories
Americans - Fatter, Louder, More Obnoxious
Women naturally better at fending off colds.  Idiots leave golden comments.
Facebook Going Public
Twitter Going Public
Roosh's article on potential Neomasculinity/MRA truce - discussion
Gringos Looking for Wives in Colombia
Another sign of decline: espn.com/esports
Charlie Sheen comes out HIV-positive
Consensual sex is rape, usual stuff
Palestinian Man held on U.S. terror charges targeted Texas malls
Blatant Feminist propaganda
Feminists want a curfew for men
Women acting crazy in public thread
I don't like DOGs, a Short Rant
OKCupid suggests homosexuality and swinging
Jakarta bombing and shootout
The Feminist Theatre
Golden Globes Red Pillaged by Gervais & Di Caprio
Wall Victim - Mila Kunis
Aaron Swartz found dead
Sean Penn Interviews El Chapo
Bombing in Istanbul
Saudi Arabia Cuts Ties With Iran Amid Fallout From Cleric’s Execution
Obvious Rape Hoax: South African Edition
Return of Kings was mentioned on the Jimmy Kimmel show last night
Forum 4 Page 80

Boat Thieves Lead Florida Cops On 20-Hour High Seas Chase
SJW Attack Survival Guide
Historic Landing of Falcon 9 First Stage at Landing Zone 1
Body Of  Mutant Mountain Lion Discovered In Idaho With Second Pair Of Fangs In Head
In case you wonder if RVF is down for everyone or just you
McDonalds fat shames fat girl - fatty call the police
Sundog Pictures Wrongfully Censor Roosh's Video Response To BBC Hit Piece
190 Somalian Muslims Fired for Not Going to Work - Workers Blame Trump
SWPL'S, amygdala's, and bears - oh my!
Muslim attack on Canadian nightclub thwarted
Aristophanes' Ecclesiazusae
Dude kills man who molested his younger brother
McGregor Destroys Mayweather's Claims of Racism
Canadian Coffee Chain Bans ROK ???
Japan upholds rule that married couples must have same surname
Street muggings in Rio (on video)
Let Artificial Intelligence Guess your Attractiveness and Age
Lemmy dead at 70
#wastehistime2016 - Women continue to stoop lower
Can you usually tell when someone does martial arts?
There is no rule of law in the West Anymore
Cristiano Ronaldo Trolls Madrid as Homeless Man
Beyonce head-lining superbowl 50 halftime show
The Baldur's Gate Appreciation Thread
Shit Betas Say
Michigan Muslim defends the right to STAB JEWS.
Woman insanity is increasing!
VR Porn
Colombian visitor the US: American men are desperate, American women are gross
Can males be Alpha if they have not played competitive sports?
Asian Proverbs
Tenured Professor Fired for Mass Shooting Conspiracy Theories
Putting Women in Combat Is an Even Worse Idea Than You’d Think
Great Sports Documentaries
Merry Orthodox Christmas
On-off contraception switch for sperm.
Adopt A SJW's Wikipedia Entry
Kaley Cuoco's ex-husband demanding spousal support
Another UK Property Bubble
Analysing this strange seduction clip
Forum 4 Page 81

One Man's Experience of War
Tribute to Little Dark and all one man armies.
PSA: Dont sleep on True Detective
UK School Exams Changed to accomdate Ramadan
Huge Methane Gas Leak In L.A: Thousands evacuated
New Mayor declares Philadelphia a Sanctuary City
Pay for driving lessons with sex
Yoga teacher complains about dating wussy guys
Heart Attack Grill: Unabashedly Honest Restaurant Owner
Beta/Cringe Thread
Does anybody here rap or feel compelled to make music?
No need to Fat Shame, long debates & discussion: Point to these Essential life basics
Being an open chauvinist and business owner
When Dissent Becomes A Revolutionary Act
New Miguel album "Wildheart"
Why Feminists/ Women need to fight their own consent dilemmas & Fake rape accusations
Big Media Ownership & Control Thread
"Letter to my future white son"
Cricket star asks reporter on date. Gets fined $10,000 and shamed by Australia.
"Inside the weird world of Cryonics"
Former MTV teen mom teaches her son how to be a beta white knight
By silencing white men, Canada can’t have an honest debate about equality, race and c
Do any of you watch Aurini?
Danish show branded "the most sexist TV program in history"
Global finance markets declining
Building Collapses in East Village, Women Take Selfies
Woman travels world for free; trip funded by "prospective partners"
Rooshies 2015 [Nomination Thread]
Airbnb - Crossdresser guest.
Women's involvement in culture
Roofying guys is fine so long as they're upper class: stripper
Women prove sexuality is all they have to offer.
College Football 2015
Hit with Bogus Stalking Claim at Sports Arena
Dubai Hotel in Flames During New Year Celebration
The Master Troll: Bloke gets all his exes on chat together
Marc Anthony: "Confidence is a Powerful Thing"
Matt Barnes vs. LeBron James: One Winner, One Loser
George Will, ludicrous 2015
Another Knicks Player Gets Got, Robbed & Shot After Night At Strip Club
Forum 4 Page 82

The Valley Girl dialect is a vehicle for cultural change
Is he a Roosh forum member?
Breitbart: SJW Bully Smackdown
Teen Avoids Jail with Affluenza Defense
Incredible Videos Thread
48 Surprisingly Damaging Things Men Hear In A Lifetime, by Upworthy
Jesus God-Dancing Christ: a FEMEN activist sees the light
New Mad Max officially ruined by mangina writer/director
Foreign Meat: Congress Repeals Country of Origin Labeling Law
Dumb NBA Player Gets Robbed Of 750K In Jewelry By Two Random Club Thots
Two Female Teachers Bang In School, Get Jobs Back, But Want More
When Your Fat Pic Goes Viral
German Man Blown Up During Botched Condom Machine Robbery
Beautiful ex-Miss becomes influent conservative political writer
Miss Iraq crowned for first time in 43 years
UK movie pirates caught - A lesson in online identity hygiene
Planned Parenthood thinks not disclosing HIV status is a human right
Understanding Consent with cup of Tea? Thoughts
I'm appearing on the Dr. Oz show
Nutjob Bites Off Hubby's Ear Over A Beer
Al Jazeera Investigation Points To Peyton Manning, Other Stars Involved In PED Use
Remains Of Cpt. Lindsey C. Lockett Returned To Family After Being MIA For 65 Years
Anecdotes of how Western culture affects foreign born women
Woman Jokes
Michael Douglas: American Male Actors are Too 'Asexual' to Get Film Roles
German Courts Set New Precedent on N00dz
Scott Weiland (Stone Temple Pilots, Velvet Revolver) dead at 48
The Serial podcast
Feds Mandate Drone Registration
France Bans Thin Models
Time to Leave the US. Gays can donate blood.
$250,000 for offending trannies.
Miss Universe - Host crowns Colombia by mistake, Miss Philippines wins
False rape claim: Naima Shereen Mirza, 21, sentenced to 2 years
Front National on course to dominate French regional elections
The 2016 Predictions Thread
Cool Japan Pics 1850s-1930s
Merry Christmas!
Lindy West has become too fat to fly
New study - There is no such thing as an "All-male" brain or "all-female" brain
Forum 4 Page 83

Give The RVF Gift Of Christmas Reps: 2014 Edition
Should discussion of MGTOW ideas be allowed on this forum?
What are your favorite sites for interesting articles?
Forum Memes and Glossary
Should the Washington Redskins Change Name?
Feral bipedal pig is Penthouse's first "plus sized model"
"Power", "The Affair" and False Narratives
BATTLE OF TORONTO: August 15, 2015
"Fat but fit and healthy" declared impossible by experts
Aliens and space
Take The Poo To The Loo: Indian PSA Discourages Public Defecation (VIDEO)
Hungarian government cancels T-Mobile contracts in sexism row
Slovenian same-sex marriage referendum, 2015
Famous/Influential people who frequent RVF
"I get paid after sex, but I’m not a hooker"
Another day in Feministan: Reduced sentence for false rape
If you could meet one forum member...
Liberal judge makes 911 call
Girls assaulting guys
Title IX Suddenly Bans "Sexual Orientation" Discrimination
Sesame Credit - Are you an obedient citizen
Forum for females who want to trap rich guys
SJWs in Chicago Are Planning a Real Life Stalking Campaign Against Me
ISIL and al-Qaeda sending 5252 criminals to Europe
The Democratic National Committee (DNC) meltdown
Another Hamster: Ugly Side of being a single attractive and available hetero woman
Is cuckoldry the result of Stockholm Syndrome?
Is the military/emergency services a haven for "White Knights" and betas?
80 Vaccine Dodgers Catch Chicken Pox
Louisiana Family Attacked on Social Media Over Christmas Card
Boycott List
Anyone else sick & tired of girls with hair buns?
Writer wears the same dress for a year, shockingly untouched by men
The power of magic mushrooms
Castaway stranded at sea for 13 months accused of cannibalism
Google Year in Search 2015
#DearDaddy
Population overshoot and collapse
Young fanatical SJW punches Spanish PM
Yale students sign petition to repeal the first amendment
Forum 4 Page 84

Why are Americans so anxious to call the cops?
Political syllabus design
Motherhood Signs
Putin's (and Medvedev's) heavy Right hand
Saudi Millionaire In London Cleared Of Rape - He Tripped And Accidentally Penetrated
Luimarco goes MGTOW on a daily
Best Webcam/Price
Merriam-Webster declares 'ism' as word of the year for 2015
Anakin's terrible game
Feminist jokes!
How the middle class is getting raped
El Chapo vs. ISIS
Salon: 33 Year Old Virgin Tries to Write Away the Pain
The Independent: Toronto transgender father leaves family to become six-year old girl
New James Bond Movie (Spectre) to Feature 50 yr Old Bond Girl
Teacher stabbed in Paris by attacker citing Islamic State
Ten Steps to End Jihad Against the West
Call for a proper ban of Christian McQueen
Christmas Gift Suggestions - Under $100?
Help Pick the Next Obvious-Troll Banning Theme
White Proles Caught Red-Handed Turning Iowa Taco Bell Into A Meth Lab
Millennials
Angela Merkel TIME Person of the Year
Post your Predictions ....
Medicaid pays for degenerate transsexual's "vagina"
French MSM calls for forced impregnation of right-wing women
Robin Williams RIP
Things winner say and do
A question about the ethics of 'cheating'
music of frank sinatra & Rat Pack
HuffPost: 48 Things Women Hear In A Lifetime (That Men Just Don't)
Deal-breakers: men and women reveal their biggest relationship turn-offs
Melancholia
George Will Critiques "Higher" Education
Poll: Would You Let Your Son Play Football
27 Ways to Be a Modern Man [New York Times Article]
Why there is no Islamic Terrorism in Japan
France Investigates Mosques and finds weapons and ISIS recruitment videos
Why men have a better sense of direction
More Mexicans Leaving Than Coming to the U.S.,
Forum 4 Page 85

What Are Your Christmas/NYE Plans?
Montreal 1989 - Gunman Shoots Up College Feminists
Terrorist Stabbing in London (Leytonstone Station)
Bank of America Intern's Death Highlights Risks of Working Long Hours
Dutch Comedian Debates Humorless Hijabs
#EarthToParis
Opposition to Maduro wins Venezuelan elections
The Mass Shooting that Never Happened
Advice needed: Bank card 'skimmed' after ONS
wearable technology eliminates rape
Transparent: An Amazon Original
60 year old Pastor marries 19 year old with wife's blessing
Why are liberals so out of touch with reality?
Female Fan Gives TV Viewers the Middle Finger After Portland Timbers Won MLS Cup 2015
Russia Bans George Soros' Open Society Foundation
Universities Crack Down on Mistletoe, Secret Santas, and Christmas Colors
MikeCF: Two Men Lit On Fire
Online Thirst Thread
Front National Victory Dec 6
Yet another terrorist attack! Serbians tackle Jordano-American would-be terrorist
Fast-track transgender teachers for a £30,000 grant, school heads told
I noticed the "Everything is Going Great in the World" Crowd has gotten a lot quieter
what are ya'll reading/what do you like to read?
Sam Seder-What the future american man will look like?
Spain Passes Milestone – Deaths now Outnumber Births
Sweden to distribute feminist propaganda to every 16 year old
New Spike Lee film Chi-Raq
Dane Econ Prof shows male/female wage gap
Former President of Georgia Mikheil Saakashvili loses citizenship
Empirical proof of women's lifetime Sexual partners using Microchimerism
Fargo Tv - Lester Nygaard's evolution
High School Student Slams Principal to the Ground During a Brawl
Any SWAT/PD/Agent Members Here?
The Establishment is Terrified of the People the Rule
Paul Krugman Exposes Our Fake Political System
Woman arrested for mutilating son's face with soap and a Brillo pad
Girlfriend Pushes Young Guy to Suicide
Australian footballer cleared by court of false rape accusation charges
PC oppression begins in High School, says Jonathan Haidt
As you can see, my legs are bionic.....
Forum 4 Page 86

Men wearing earings -- cool or anti masculine?
Canadian University Indoctrination: Rape-Free vs. Rape-Prone Campus
Decline in gun violence
Survey of Canadian Women 35-45
Amy Schumer Dares Gag Reflex In Pirelli Calendar
Mark Zuckerberg To "Give Away" 99% Of His Facebook Shares.....
Nigerian scammers get £1.6m from a 40 yo, using lines from The Game (Neil Strauss)
Your Passport Will Be Canceled If You Owe The IRS
Resistance to the Islamic Invasion Section of the Forum
Game could have saved a life?
Fat Shaming Trolls Take Trolling To The Tube
Scott Adams - open for interview
Marion Marechal Le Pen: the new Joan of Arc
What Are Your Plans For Thanksgiving?
The Major Lazer Thread
Feminist Word Policing
Starting a neomasculinity club at my university
Leonardo DiCaprio gets raped by bear in new movie
Australia's most notorious feminist gets man fired for calling her a slut online
I Was Falsely Accused By A Man!
HBO's Eastbound and Down
Olivia Culpo breaks up with Tim Tebow because he won't have sex with her
Don't Tell A Stripper She Needs To Lose Weight
The Slutcracker
Musician's lounge
MO mother meets murderous macho man. Mayhem materializes
Mens counteroffensive to Alpha fux/Beta bux
AirAsia flight from Indonesia to Singapore missing
-----
Tom Hardy - The male feminist
time devoted to housework, men vs. women: Always question the stats
Last Message Received
Russian girls are skinnier, sexier, and twerk better (vid)
Tatted Plus-Sized Skank is NYC's "Most Messaged Woman" on OKCupid
Watch a man released from prison after 44 years react to today's technology
Korean guys see American porn for first time
Chick, Dean's List Student, Turns Out To Be Drug Kingpin
The Disappearing Male
Old Howard Stern Episodes - Evaluating Women (NSFW)
CNN: Women of color disproportionately affected by fucking criminals
Forum 4 Page 87

Private school teacher complains girls 'cramming their heads full of facts'
Western women have no values. The solution: Propose to them (?)
Polish Serial Rapist caught!
Wladimir Klitschko thread (not boxing related)
Positive news: Young married mom shoots home invaders
Russian man angry at cheating MP wife, blows her up with TNT while they have sex
Lost the criminal lawsuit - now files a civil one
Philip Chism. the boy, who raped and killed his teacher
Music Exchange Thread
Spike Lee: College Women Should Go On A Sex Strike To Stop Date Rape
Soviet Propoganda is being proven correct
Black Friday = Parade of idiots
Should women have careers at all?
Feminist Attention-Whore Uses Her Own Vaginal Yeast Infection To Bake Bread
Gates of Hell Opened – New Barbie Advert Has Faggot Boy In It
Don't quench your thirst, Rinse it instead
'The EU is a continuation of Germany by other means'
Salma Hayek Says She's Not A Feminist Before Receiving Women's Equality Award
Joe Rogan Experience: With Philosophy and Feminism Writer Christina Sommers
Women should never be allowed in leadership positions
Filed for divorce, starting over at age 35
40% of Millennials okay with limiting speech if it offends minorities
World's Sexiest Midget! Would you Bang? (Brazilian)
Basketball prospect Tony Farmer gets 3 years for kidnapping girlfriend
Pregnant teens in ISIS say JK!!!  I want to come back home now mommy!
UK university diversity officer wants to #KillAllWhiteMen - she's about to get fired
Canadian SJWs shut down campus yoga due to "cultural appropriation"
Australian lefty freaks blame Barbie for domestic violence
Lipstick Alley Confessions
The White Student Union
Hilarious Letter To The Editor: Only In Singapore
Diane Keaton still pins for alphas that got away
Arachnophobes Beware: Spiders' Massive Webs Take Over Part Of Texas Park
A fitting end to a sad Tale
Fairygodboss...women review employers maternity policies
Disabled yoga class cancelled because India suffered colonial oppression.
Women now drinking as much as men
Even female college athletes are fat in the UK (NSFW)
KT Tatara - The Asian Patrice O'Neal?
The Thirst rocks rural Pennsylvania town...
Forum 4 Page 88

Surgery could give men wombs of their own within 5 years.
Never let your guard down
Hillary Clinton Tweets: Every Sexual Assault Deserves To Be Believed #BillClinton
Miley Cyrus gone full crazy
NSFW. Miley Cyrus Goes Full Nude on Paper Magazine
Single men not allowed in club unless accompanied by a woman
Teacher restricts Lego-play to girl students in pursuit of gender equity
Roosh to star in BBC program?
hating one's parents
Would you work for the CIA?
Statistics on AIDS Transmission
NYT OpEd: "Men need to learn to become more like women"
My open letter to Paris' Bataclan Terrorists
Tall "Dark" and Handsome
Hungarian PM exposes the billionaire Soros for pushing illegal muslim invasion of EU
How the Western diet has derailed our evolution
Politically correct "Lord of the Flies"
Buzzfeed Thinks Modern Women's Lameness & Stupidity Is Hilarious
Anyone watching the TV show "Arrow"? (Based on the DC comics hero "Green Arrow")
25% of British Men Think They Get "Man Periods"
Today is Men's International Day - Nov 19
FupaGirl - The Body Positive Superheroine
Fat Shaming weeks finally makes the kind-of-mainstream press in France
Stop-and-Seize Turns Police Into Self-Funding Gangs
Life is easy - as long as you don't chase the pussy
Newsflash: Men Prefer Feminine Women, Not "Funny' Women
GTA V: The First Official Gamplay Video
Roosh's latest post on depopulation (and the big picture of current global politics)
Convicted Israel spy Jonathan Pollard being released
U.S. clears genetically modified salmon for human consumption
Court Rules Embryos Must be Discarded After Divorce
BBC: Curvy women many be a better bet
RVF Participation Statistics
Jonah Lomu, the world's first rugby superstar, has died
The making of a future SJW?, captured on video
USA CDC declares epidemic of Chlamydia and Gonnorhea
I have an idea for a spoof feminist weblog
Top Ten Reasons Why This Was The Worst Decade Ever
Man fired after drive-by "fuck her right in the pussy"
NYT article on why women are catty with each other
Forum 4 Page 89

Roosh to star in BBC program?
hating one's parents
Would you work for the CIA?
Statistics on AIDS Transmission
NYT OpEd: "Men need to learn to become more like women"
My open letter to Paris' Bataclan Terrorists
Tall "Dark" and Handsome
Hungarian PM exposes the billionaire Soros for pushing illegal muslim invasion of EU
How the Western diet has derailed our evolution
Politically correct "Lord of the Flies"
Buzzfeed Thinks Modern Women's Lameness & Stupidity Is Hilarious
Anyone watching the TV show "Arrow"? (Based on the DC comics hero "Green Arrow")
25% of British Men Think They Get "Man Periods"
Today is Men's International Day - Nov 19
FupaGirl - The Body Positive Superheroine
Fat Shaming weeks finally makes the kind-of-mainstream press in France
Stop-and-Seize Turns Police Into Self-Funding Gangs
Life is easy - as long as you don't chase the pussy
Newsflash: Men Prefer Feminine Women, Not "Funny' Women
GTA V: The First Official Gamplay Video
Roosh's latest post on depopulation (and the big picture of current global politics)
Convicted Israel spy Jonathan Pollard being released
U.S. clears genetically modified salmon for human consumption
Court Rules Embryos Must be Discarded After Divorce
BBC: Curvy women many be a better bet
RVF Participation Statistics
Jonah Lomu, the world's first rugby superstar, has died
The making of a future SJW?, captured on video
USA CDC declares epidemic of Chlamydia and Gonnorhea
I have an idea for a spoof feminist weblog
Top Ten Reasons Why This Was The Worst Decade Ever
Man fired after drive-by "fuck her right in the pussy"
NYT article on why women are catty with each other
Modern Educayshun - How Liberalism is Destroying Modern Education
African man narrates two lions having sex
What realistic steps could the EU take to protect itself from Islamic extremism?
Liberal propaganda embedded in TV and Movies
SJW protest at Georgetown University
Safe Campus Act: A band-aid for the festering sore of campus sexual assault hearings
HPV Vaccine Makes Girls ‘Retarded’
Forum 4 Page 90

Good article from NY Post: "How Obama is bankrolling a non-stop protest"
Chubby chasing around the globe
Miss World 2015
She says she is lonely but...
No Apologies - Andrew Dice Clay on women
Rousey Vs Mayweather
Prime Working Age Unemployment Trap
Mayweather Deflates Ronda Rousey: I Don't Know Who He Is
Mid 30's and scared shitless of marriage
Dating the modern women
College student who wants free everything humiliated on Neil Cavuto
Missouri football players sitting out games until President resigns
Real fake and Passport, Visa, driving license, ID cards, IELTS. [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */
Suicide
3 Teens Make A Sex Tape, 2 Boys Get Arrested
Attractive British hooker gets sent to home of live streamer
Gay teens have a higher rate of pregnancy than straight peers
Young Wife/Mother Killed in Home Invasion
The Culinary thread.
Our Part Of The Internet Just Isn't Organized Enough
Help police find and arrest these two sexy black women for rubbing against a guy
Straight from the horse Mouth
Full Retard Achieved - Martin Luther King Portrayed by White Actor in Play
Clip of Damascus College Students before the Syrian Civil War
Jihadi John Says Haters Are Gonna Hate
Positive discrimination
iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus
Ronda Rousey admitted to beating up her ex, so should we be outraged?
Alabama police: Boy, 8, beats 1-year-old to death while moms out clubbing
Hate Reading: Millennials of New York
Cheating Couple Gets Murdered While Banging In SUV
"8 minutes" New reality show about saving prostitutes
Tinder and the Dating Apocolypse
Zero Hedge Goes After SJWs
"Happily Married" Socialite Takes An L Against Rich Husband In Divorce
Poster Discovers How Limited Financial Freedom Is In US
Men's International Day - Nov 19
Funny Post From Facebook [AKA a lol for the day]
Twerkers Arrested For Sexual Assault
Greatest Video Game you haver played
Forum 4 Page 91

"Happily Married" Socialite Takes An L Against Rich Husband In Divorce
Poster Discovers How Limited Financial Freedom Is In US
Men's International Day - Nov 19
Funny Post From Facebook [AKA a lol for the day]
Twerkers Arrested For Sexual Assault
Greatest Video Game you haver played
Cryotherapy salon employee freezes herself to death
Veteran's Day
SJW professor gets a taste of her own medicine
8-Year-Old Alabama Boy Charged With Murder In The Death Of An Infant
Crazy woman has naked public freak out where she gets sodomized by chair leg
Female SJW president in shocking defeat
False Rape Accuser and Dick Slasher Lorena Bobbitt Gets Standing Ovation
The Duckface
RUMBLR APP, the Tinder for Fighting
Switzerland : A one night stand can cost 3000$ month for the next 26 years.
Justin Trudeau's most diverse cabinet ever.
Lorena Bobbit: A Hero For Women Or Just A Penis Mutilator
Running game at an Air Force base could have you in court facing felony, 130 years.
Debi Thomas - Olympic Skater / Surgeon Now Living in a Trailer
Comforts of civic life shouldn't be taken for granted
"Warcraft" movie plot subverted for pro-immigration propaganda purposes?
Volkswagon Emissions Scandal and German self loathing
Instagram attention whore quits Instagram and makes the New York Times
Death Rates Rising for Middle-Aged White Americans
Hamstering the harem in macho societies
Paternity can now be verified by a simple test – but that doesn’t mean it should be
Fat Fuck Wins Project Runway
WHO: Meat causes cancer, don't eat it.
Scientific Study says "No woman is "totally straight""
When did we start referring to human women as "females"?
Picking a new Avatar thread
Spot the rooshvforum member
A possible reason why bars and clubs have their music irrationally loud
Aussie chicks - all class
Female cop acquitted after fatally shooting an unarmed man
Russian airplane bombing in Egypt
Pictures: Donald Trump Rallies Vs Bernie Sanders Rallies
Article on Comentary Magazine - Sexual assult can be lowered by policy
A charge of public obscenity becomes a rape charge - thank god it was dropped
Forum 4 Page 92

Trying "Shock Therapy" On A Beta
Was Hillary Clinton hot when she was younger?
from #iamcharlie to #iwascharlie
The 2015 Canadian Federal Election Thread
What are your thoughts on Mercedes Carrera?
Roosh's 2015 World Tour recaps
Greg Hardy abuse image photoshopped?
Getting your airgasm, having sex while skydiving
Yale frat accused of hosting party for "white girls only"
American women are a perversion of human nature
Enter the dungeon of rap. Where fake members dont make it back
Houston Voters Reject Broad Anti-Discrimination Ordinance
World's oldest prostitutes reveal tips for keeping the man in your life satisfied
Men's society rejected at uni
How to be a bad girl!
Ever wish you could sort all posts in a thread by the number of likes?
Dystopian Manospheric Visions & Science
Feminist indoctrination classes to hit schools in Victoria (Oz)
F*cking Faggots...  A used textbook I bought contained gay porn.
Here's The Face Of American Leftist Propaganda
Wall Survivor: Cheryl Ladd at 64
Anyone else think she is lying?
Bull ring piercings
New York magazine brands heterosexuality as deviant
When will whites leave America and leave it to its rightful owner the Mexicans!
Check out the story of Ra Paulette the cave-digger
University-issued Halloween costume guidelines
Houston proposes allowing "troubled" men into women's bathrooms
British MP takes a stand against feminism and political correctness
Roosh and Heartiste -- does anyone else come close to these gurus?
Boy catches baseball and gives it to girl - male instinct to give without reward?
Mandatory Muslim Holiday(2 days) for all NYC schools signed in by Mayor de Blasio
Predict how RVF will be like in 10 years (2023)
Google Wants To Monitor Your Mental Health
Collapse in British Nightclubs
Political betting datasheet
Brighten your day- Feminist gets taste of her own medicine
Halle Berry Heads To Divorce Court For The Third Time
Fat Asian Tranny Margaret Cho launches #12DaysofRage Campaign for 'Rape' survivors
Rosie O'Donnell's daughter was missing.
Forum 4 Page 93

Boys and men of every age (5-50) describe their reaction to the phrase "Be a Man".
Former Star Trek actress exposed herself to children
'Empowered' woman becoming a warrior
"Is Living Life Better As A Man Or Woman? A Transgender Tells His/Her Story."
The Red Pill personified in a DailyMail link
Take this IQ test and post your score
'Strongest Hurricane Ever Recorded' Hurricane Patricia Heads for Mexico
Cussing/Cursing/Swearing/Profanity, etc.
Smart Men Don't Get Married
Drake's workout routine
How can I help my niece with Asperger's make friends and be social?
Woman Arrested For Sex With 100 Boys
Bengals Whitworth Calls Out Locker Room Double-Standard
Lamar Odom in coma after drug overdose [retitled]
Christie To Nurse on Lawsuit: Get In Line
White Knight gets slashed with weaponized stilleto for his trouble
NBA Player Gets Racially Profiled At Jewelry Store in Milwaukee
Stanford Grad makes new app, further widening the SMV gap
New South Park episode (safe space) "fat shaming" "trolls"
College frat gets heat for supporting breast cancer awareness month
Iconic Star Wars Line Ruined by Faggots
Damn guys we have a new level of beta, I think we need a new word...
USA Presidential Election 2020
This Google employee saves money by living in the parking lot
Trannies, PC, and Gavin McInnes
A working hoverboard
Short-Haired SJW Professor Falls for Palsied Retard
Taylor Swift says that 'Misogyny is ingrained in people from the time they are born'
Man threatens suicide laying in bed with knife, cops show up and kill him.
Are gay people driving the PC Culture?
Not Learning Game Can Kill Your Family
Critical Mass: RVF nears 10 K reg. users
Google Pays $10K+ to Get Google.com Back – What Would You Have Done?
Boyfriend tries to take fall for text-driving killer girlfriend
Secular Sins - Thou shalt not rules of society
Principal Withholds Election Results Due To Lack Of Diversity In Winners
Facebook Now Censoring Tom Leykis' Page
Manspreading is Now a Misdemeanor in NYC
University Consent Instructors are Hypocrites: Inside the mind of a cult leader.
Video of Black Woman Abusing Muslim Women on Bus Goes Viral
Forum 4 Page 94

Feminist: It's rape if you don't ask for consent during sex every 10 minutes
Sorority girl gives a passionate speech to her sorority.
Saw Lil Dicky in Chicago last night AMAZING show!!!
Sarcastic McDonald's Application [retitled]
Quantico (fall TV show) is SJW propaganda
Chinese bitches be just as bad as American hos
Have you ever...,
Aussie Woman: Man up or Miss Out
James Webb for President 2016
Science Explains Why Runner Chicks Remain Fat
MarketWatch: Why Men Find Smart Women So Threatening
3 year old girl disgusted by Adam Levine's beta behaviour
So Is The EU Gonna Collapse Or What?
"Superhead" talks about slut shaming.
Mccain callled out for Supporting Terrorists
Economist drops a new essay on the plight of men
Oral sex lessons for women
Women gigolo use is on the rise. And they're proud of it.
Mini ice age, Winter is coming
VICE documentary on the dating apps industry
Women Will Likely Have to Register for the Draft
Men using the Urinals versus Women
The End of Male Supremacy
Mob of topless pro-abort feminists attack Cathedral
Matt Drudge Visits the Alex Jones Show
Excellent article on "Male Hunger" and how it stems from a broken society.
SJW's are trying to change the way we play Baseball (culture clash in MLB)
"Inside an Anything Goes Sex Club"
Wildebeests in the pool
New York Woman Sues 12-year-old Nephew Over Hug That Broke Her Wrist
Is there an IRT compilation?
What’s Your View on Racial Humour?
Do you Vote?
Gang culture in America:  When will it end?
the Auntie Christ - 54 year old cunt sued her 12 year old nephew
Social worker says the mother is a slut- The court still leaves her with custody
Civil Forfeiture In USA - Seizing Cars, Cash, and Homes from Everyone
Harem management EXTREME - The case of Goel Ratzon
The United States of too many men...
Tom Brokaw Explains Canada To Americans (Tribute history video of U.S. & Canada)
Forum 4 Page 95

Roosh mentioned on the most recent Joe Rogan podcast
No more Alimony Payments dance
Ben Affleck's NEW nanny
Cucks and betas take the red pill live: men describe when their marriages were over.
" Feminist " Art / Attention Whoring Thread
Dumb Cunt Gets Arrested After She Live Streams Driving Drunk on Periscope
Delete (dupe)
A feminist Gynecologist tells one of my girls to get a vibrator instead of having sex
The Pope Goes Gay
Trans activist announces her boyfriend is pregnant
NBA Coach Smashes Player's Ex-Wife, Gets Dealt With
Columbus Day Controversy, What do you guys think?
looking for a thread
Vin Diesel amazing body transformation
I Feel Recharged
62 per cent of women harbour secret desires to be a housewife
What are the variables playing into Russia's success in the "new cold war"?
The most beta story you will ever read.
Slu case highlights bias towards the accuser in sexual assault charges
David Ortiz, most alpha guy in pro sports
RVF Refugees Chatroom
Old school SJW vs Modern SJW
Delete
Dr. Sanjay Gupta article on his upcoming CNN documentary 'Weed'
Esquire's list of things "a man should do" I actually agree on.
Your help is needed to defeat the TPP in the US. Here's how you can help
Anti-austerity protests in London
modern feminism in one FB post
Need your advice on this criminal defence case.
Air Conditioning is Sexist
Michelle Jenneke In Sports Illustrated
These are the very best vagina emoji for sexting
"Mum checked Facebook while son drowned"
Lindy West brags about getting an abortion to start hashtag #ShoutYourAbortion
DANCERS  LOUNGE - strictly dance (do you even dance?)
Neck Tattooed Inmate Bangs Two Blonde Jail Workers
Best ever description of an Alpha
Nelson Mandela Dead
US Man Who Stopped Paris Train Terrorist Attack Stabbed Multiple Tiimes in Sacramento
Frat suspended after video of member giving oral while brothers cheer on is leaked
Forum 4 Page 96

(When a girls night out goes wrong) A well-maintained 38 yo. doctor overdoses cocaine
activist trolls Chelsea Clinton
Boiler Room Sales Owners Make $40 million, Retire to Puerto Rico, and Bang 7's
Where is your Town's Bike today?
New addition to the RVF moderator team
Prestigious Harvard Debate Team loses to Prison Debate Team
Women Riot in London
CNN's Top 10 Heroes of 2015. Leave Off Chris Mintz and Men Who Stop Train Terrorist.
"Year Zero" debating team "winners"
Captain Capitalism video rebutting Paul Krugman
Oregon college shooting
Victor Cruz's Main Chick Sends A Group Text To His Sideline Hoes
Greg Hardy (NFL): I select Pro Bowlers based on how hot their wife is
Academics being recruited in battle on GMOs
How the hell do you all have time for this?
What's Holding You Back in the Workplace?
Christianity vs Catholicism( The origin of One night stands?)
Stupid Feminists nuke-trolled by 4chan #PissForEquality
Denmark Travel Service’s Hilarious ‘Do It For Mom’ Campaign Wants You To ...Do It
Woman Admits She Cheated on Boyfriend with NHL Player on 'Jimmy Kimmel Live'.....
Bulging biceps, big guns advance unhealthy masculinity
Feminists post pictures of themselves peeing in their pants #PissForEquality
About that Amber Rose Slut Walk (TW upon TW).
#MedicatedAndMighty women celebrating mental illness...so empowering!
Who's on the top of your racial totem pole of attractiveness? 
Female MRA takes a shot at Roosh
Women US Army Ranger tests rigged...
The "Declining Birthrates" Excuse
Christian College softball coach tries to get players into the adult film industry
Becoming Nicole: Amazon pushing transgender propaganda
Ben Carson calls out Islamic organization for violating federal tax code
Sorry only straight men can handle this!
Hurricane Joaquin
Chick-fil-A opens in NYC with crowds and protesters.
Forum use question
TPP Agreement Reached
MacGyver possibly coming back
Other news websites (red pill) like Return of Kings
Can I Still View The Forum On A Site Aggregator?
LGBT lobby enlists 25% of European deputies (MEPs)
Forum 4 Page 97

Can we have RSS feeds for individual threads?
For your entertainment, a conversation with a hamster
..........
Zimmerman case
Vladimir Putin interview on 60 Minutes
The Lost Art of Archery - Danish Bowman with Mindblowing Skills
Test
Mom of 2: 9 Things My Children Should Not Know About
Take a look at next-generation SJW's and see Hell
Motocross star commercial shows appeasing, beta servile behavior
Edward Snowden joins Twitter
Asians have overtaken Hispanics among immigrants to the U.S.
Teaching young kids about gays (dead link)
Peeple app to debut in November: rate people like you would rate a business on yelp
Fat Beta Impregnates Dozens of Women
New James Bond trailer finally out: Spectre
Female Rappers
Helen Mirren Thinks Men Shouldn't Put Their Arms On a Woman's Shoulders
NASA to Announce Mars Mystery Solved on Monday
Man who fathered 98 kids offers free sex service
Feminists want the UN to censor the internet to stop people from saying mean things
J.J. Watt: I'm Trying To Find A Girlfriend
"The evil empire of Saudi Arabia is the West’s real enemy"
Japan, Hokkaido onsen bars Maori woman over her face tattoos
Canadians: What do you think of Stephen Harper?
DC Comics to use "positive discrimination" when hiring new creators
'No hymen, no diamond': Male activist Facebook group mocked for demanding that women
Refuting the "women beauty ideal changes with time" bullshit?
What kind of weed/dabs/edibles should I try in LA?
Jack Ma - 5 foot nothin', a hundred and nothin'
SJW gets another guy fired from his job
Stefan Molyneax commits genocide against polyamorous hamsters
Chinese Only College at UBC
West Coast of Murica overdue for a megaquake, legit threat?
[TRIGGER WARNING]I'm just as flexible as skinny girls!-Size 22 woman attempts Yoga
When a mate significantly raises the bar.....
Free Gas for Bikini
Woman loses job offer due to tattoos- plus size model waddles in to the fallout!
The Office Appreciation Thread
AI could show when the next genocide is about to happen by tracking hate speech
Forum 4 Page 98

Savior of Europe builds largest mosque in Moscow
Condoms
RVF Fantasy Basketball League
oops
Obama Visits Prison(a Vice documentary)
The future of American porn (EXTREMELY NSFW)
Delete
Kaley Cuoco gets married and proceeds to uglify herself
Pope Francis is the Time Person of the Year
delete
Tor hidden service for RvF?
Need a Date? Just Inflate! University Students Upset Over Blow-Up Doll
Funny Videos
John Boenher Resigns!
700 Die in Stampede at Haj
Dalai Lama supports female successor if 'very attractive'
Santa Fe introduces Gender neutral bathrooms.
Hillary Clinton will be Interviewed by Lena Dunham
Helping those in poverty while rejecting socialism/equalism
[LOL] Lesbian couple told they'd get neuroscientist sperm donor, but got...
Ghostbuster 2.0 (warning : fat woman picture)
Red Pill Dali Lama
Man films ex wife punching him in balls...she claims assault
Wesleyan SJWs Move to Censor Disssenting Speech
Black America's plea to Hispanic America: Stop voting Democrat!
Man Commits Sex Fraud by Lying About his Race
Putin Going Gay?
The Future Rests in the Hands of the Youth
Guy trolls Feminist Event in Grand Rapids?
Holisticgame guys get outed & their business destroyed by feminists
Man whose wife changed to transgender male asks for help on Reddit
John Boehner Cries Like a Bitch in the Presence of Pope
Pumpkin Invades Your Foodstuffs
Who for President?
Forum Reminder: Use the Search Feature Before Posting a New Thread
Viktor Orban, Prime Minister of Hungary
James AlCucker Endorsing Failed Writer/Successful Douchebag Tucker Max
Brazil's political and economic crisis drops currency on historic low, 1USD=4,14R$
Online misogyny overblown
Scientist discover water is wet (Men attracted to women in their prime)
Forum 4 Page 99

U.S. Soldiers Told to Ignore Sexual Abuse of Boys by Afghan Allies
The Muslim Invasion and the continuation of Patriarchy
94-year-old Auschwitz bookkeeper gets a 4 year prison sentence
Influential Men Vol. 2: Michael Ault's life as a luxury club owner and developer
Los Angeles City Council: Committee Declares a 'State of Emergency' on Homelessness
The Stevie Wonder Appreciation Thread
Ted Cruz owns lesbian feminist Ellen Page at Iowa State Fair
Creation of Team RVF private channel
"18-Year-Old Czech Model Tries To Blackmail Jaromir Jagr After He Banged Her"
10 Most Expensive Virginities Ever Sold
NSFW Two chicks fighting - interesting surprise
Jean Claude Van Damme AD
How Lindy West became a fat feminist
English General says," Mutiny and coup if Corbyn is elected."
Mainstream media anger against ROK's Mad Max article
New fat acceptance campaign (warning: fat woman picture)
Marine Smashes Gay Advertisement
Another bogus college rape survey
She friend zoned me but I'm starting to feel sorry for her
First British Amputee Model
Lady Gaga - Til It Happens To You
New Survey. 1 in 4 UW madison women sexually assaulted...only 1 in 4 ever report it
Campus Preachers
Old carousel lady finds man of her dreams
Doritos go proud LGBT
UofT feminists rally against so called death threats from men rights
songs that are sexual in nature (similar to turn down for what)
How does hypergamy work in Third World Countries?
Selena Gomez = The anti-feminist
"Find this Harvard MBA a girlfriend and he'll pay you 10K"
I'm tired of all the "9-11 Never Forget" crap
Alpha Player or Douchebag? Interesting life of Tim "Sharky" Ward
I'm single at 50. Why? Men hate me being brainier than them, says KATE MULVEY
Tumblr blog where women submit anon essays on their orgasms
The Saga Continues: The rise of gender-neutral baby names
EU Migrants Crisis: Slovakia 'will only accept Christians'
Other signs of Cultural Collapse you've noticed
Comic artist trolls his SJW critics.
Portlandia Appreciation Thread
Obama has appointed a new Secretary of the Army... And he's just FABULOUS!
Forum 4 Page 100

Kate Uptons Giggly Titties
3-time US Olympian Worked as Escort...
BMI positively associated with # of sexual partners
Tech female does not get promotion - resigns and take microsoft to court
Woman calls for ban of sexbots
Fat broad is cover girl for running magazine.
Cool Youtube Video
Ever Heard Of The Amazing Atheist
The RVF Crusade
Post some of your lopsided pairings in relationships.
Matt Damon under fire for saying diversity isn't necessary in Hollywood
Angry  Feminist Shames Lawyer Who Complimented Her
Any Brits worried about SJW Jeremy Corbyn?
The Male Biological Clock
Canceled  wedding because the groom is gay - and is suing the hall
Gay activist Elton John trolled by Putin impersonator
Terrence Howard says society prefers effeminate men over real men
Bill Burr & Joe DeRosa flip the script on 2 strippers
Washington DC Podcast - The New Political Correctness, Ruining American Education
delete
High school football referee attacked by players
OMG I had to post this
Attention whore and kids smile for Facebook photo with dead husband and father
Aussie 'jihadist' Australi Witness a 20-year-old American nerd
Microaggressions & Moral Cultures
Arab-American Women Start Selfie Campaign Because They're Not Featured In Pop Culture
Apple and Adobe Slammed for ‘Sexist’ Photoshop Fix Demo That Made a Woman Smile
When athletes let themselves go
More than half of US population now single
Bitches You Would Hate-Fuck Thread
13-Year-Old Faces Assault Charge for Kissing Girl on Dare
Maryland Boy arrested for kissing girl on a dare
Dr. Paul Dobransky
"Quit being so nice."
Tremendous Article By Mike C
The supply and demand of races.
RIP Sean Price
Dope Hip Hop/Funk/Soul/Breaks mixes (with downloads)
What would happen if a large invasion force was off of the Atlantic coast?
Should Biden Run?
Forum 4 Page 101

Thanks, Roosh
Girl gets pissy that she has to act nice and got played
Angry fatty on Reddit calls Roosh "serial rapist"?
YouTube Shuts Down Comedienne's Channel Because She Questioned Fat Shaming
"#PlusIsEqual"
Images of High-T Alpha Guys
New anti-Roosh article in Daily Mail
Poet Changes Name To Chinese: Finally Gets Accepted
Former Tennis Star James Blake and mistaken identity
Ellen Pao (Reddit CEO) gender discrimination claim falls apart during trial
Scholastic Publishing Novel on Transgender Eight-Year-Old
Harvard Law Professor: The Trouble with Teaching Rape Law
Picasso's "Women Of Algiers" Sells For Record-Setting $179 Million At Auction
Pioneer 10 Space Messages are Sexist and Racist
Dress like a cop video
UK Neo Nazi Jailed for Attempting to Decapitate Indian Man as Revenge for Lee Rigby
"Feminist Students Protest Feminist Professor for Writing About Feminism"
Feminists' divorce-fantasy comes true - for a man
Post-wall Perp Parks Pistol in Her Porcine Pussy
Why are racists allowed to ruin ROK?
Women in Combat Roles
Yik Yak - Mobile Phone App
14 people killed during Batman premiere
Anil Dash and the PC Anti-WhiteMale Brigade are at it at it again. This time Twitter
Paying for an abortion?
US Starts Training Syrian Rebels
So, who here works at Hasbro?
Questions about Hungarian migrant situation
All male club forced to allow female members to continue 52 year AFL involvment
Manhood dies a slow death at San Diego Comic Con
American workers fired and replaced by Indians they have to train
Less than .05% of American Women Qualify as Chaste Christian Virgins
Black/arab over white propaganda on the internet
Possible bug report: Quoting posts in mobile doesn't work
Attempt to ban [combat sports] Australian Medical Association
Why College-Educated Women Can't Find Love
Comic that actually, really requires a trigger warning.
What caused the 90s crime spike in the Anglosphere?
Forum now uses SSL (https://)
Watch Kristina Wong Get Reparations for YELLOW FEVER!
Forum 4 Page 102

New forum rule: Do not post nude or identifiable images of your sexual conquests
Damon Wayans drops truth about Cosby.
A feminist talks about the freedom of speech
Healthy Masculinity Week at Vanderbilt
ISIS smuggler: 'We will use refugee crisis to infiltrate West'
Kentucky clerk jailed for refusing to issue gay marriage licences
A Master’s Degree in ... Masculinity?
Bare Lifts - A new deceive weapon? (nsfw)
Burner phones/apps
Miss Piggy wins Feminist Award
Only 39% of Psychology Studies are abled to be Reproduced
Toronto Femanazi- complains about speech at mens only club
Advice for third-party email services
Robin Thicke Blurred Lines Video - NSFW
Anne Hathaway complains about not getting roles. Blames ageism.
CampusReform.org: legitimate ally or big money smokescreen?
Missouri school split over transgender student using girls bathroom
OPEN LETTER TO VLADIMIR PUTIN
Great hair, looks silky as shit, what'd you buy it? Is it horse hair? Cheap hooker
Online dating: The older woman trap
Brazilian woman puts would be robber in a choke hold... he cries
Male Teenager Faces Felony Charges Over 'Sexting'
Female Sex Tourist Film cheered
Most interesting wesbsites on the Deep Web?
Crazy Czech Cat Lady Causes Cabin Chaos
NY Post article a shortage of (alpha) Men
Testosterone can reshape structure of the brain
Demographic change in Europe
Indian Race Troll Art Gallery
Deep thoughts by el mechanico
Woman says estranged husband’s twisted sex demands gave her PTSD
Dispatches from the Battle Of Toronto
period sex
Topless Times Square women deal with groping, long hours and must share tips
National Action Against Obesity, Is this an ally Roosh?
Forum being DDOS'ed?
France girl gets world wide attention for lover search
Another rape allegation 16 years later
Did anyone survive the 1st?
Donald Trump v's Jeb Bush - Alpha v's Beta
Forum 4 Page 103

Protocol if a murderer is discovered to be a reader of mine, ROK, or RVF
Looks like we may have a new institutional ally
Murdered live on Air: 2 Journalists killed, 1 critical
Hidden Facebook Photos
Alphabet to replace Google
A Sheriff's Deputy was murdered.
Chrissie Hynde Criticized for comments about Rape
5.5:1 Male To Female Ratio On Ashley Madison Proves Women Don't Want Casual Sex
Bomb Blast in Central Bangkok
Battles Of Montreal & Toronto Recaps
1950's photos from Britain Holiday Resort
Best hangover cures
The fappening sequel [Contains NSFW Material]
Don't Fuck With The Clintons Volume Infinite: Murked MI6 Agent Hacked Clinton Data
Students get failing grade for saying 'male' 'female' 'illegal alien'.
Your best hacks for beating cravings?
India's daughter- Jasleen Kaur
Does a Lack of Housework Make Women Fat?
Two Steps Forward, One Step Back: Feminist Rape Culture Hysteria
Chinese Airline Grounds Flight Attendants Who Become “Too Fat” to Fly
Male Birth Control to be effective for 10 years
Hannibal
Dr. Dre Apologizes To All The Women He's Hurt
Article in the guardian blaming boys and sexism for rise in mental health issues
Did Therapists create Rape Culture
Wall Survivor: Terry Nunn
is Roosh persian
Project Harpoon: Major League Fat Acceptance Trolling (Eye Bleach Advised)
Why men find thinner women attractive - Mainstream media finally catches up
Business opportunity in Nicaragua? Canal project
North Korea requires women to join the military.. great response on Jezebel
Sane Female Reporter vs. Feminist Harpies - The Video
New campaign in Israel "empowers" women to practice sport
SJWs shut down Hugo awards
delete
Living a feminist lifestyle makes women fatter
Little Dark's Turkish Throwdown
Date Lab: "Alpha male" Fat Shames Fattie
Toxic Masculinity especially in Toronto
HR, Employers, and References
Forum 4 Page 104

Project Harpoon: Major League Fat Acceptance Trolling (Eye Bleach Advised)
Why men find thinner women attractive - Mainstream media finally catches up
Business opportunity in Nicaragua? Canal project
North Korea requires women to join the military.. great response on Jezebel
Sane Female Reporter vs. Feminist Harpies - The Video
New campaign in Israel "empowers" women to practice sport
SJWs shut down Hugo awards
delete
Living a feminist lifestyle makes women fatter
Little Dark's Turkish Throwdown
Date Lab: "Alpha male" Fat Shames Fattie
Toxic Masculinity especially in Toronto
HR, Employers, and References
Serving it up on a platter.
Dylan Lauren hires Surrogate to have her kids
Mozilla CEO vows to fire employee for writing 2 non-PC sentences on Reddit
VK or Facebook
All Aboard The LGBTQA Train!
Man in jail for rape cause drunk British woman falls over
MLB 2015 Season thread
Another Cop Shooting in Louisiana
Last movie you watched in cinemas?
Meme: Neil DeGrasse Tyson on Love
SJWs indoctrinating 3-months-old babies
Sigma Nu At Old Dominion Suspended For "Freshman Daughter Drop-Off" Signs
The Parable Of The Burning Bush
Guys, we missed "Go Topless Day"...
Brazilian girl takes down man twice her size in front of large crowd
Female typist tells people when it's okay to tell lies
Fat acceptance is a thing in Colombia - "fashion for fatties" weekend
Former NFL Cheerleader Molly Shattuck Raped 15-Year-Old Boy She Stalked On Instagram
The Weeknd Debuts New Track at Coachella
Confused White Knights have innocent Brit thrown in Cambodian jail
Modern women getting fatter faster than clothing sizes would indicate
Guy has bad game - gets charged with misdemeanor sexual abuse.
Can you correctly guess if this man is the father of these twins?
Aqua Teen Hunger Force: Psych/Red Pill Breakdown
Gunman 'injures three after firing Kalashnikov' on Amsterdam-Paris train
Collapse of China's Financial Market [re-titled]
Cop Shakes Down Driver for $30
Forum 4 Page 105

Customers Flock To See ‘McDonald’s Goddess’ Working at Taiwan Restaurant
Leo Dicaprio: Marry Or Not To
Stockholms' new "equality" committee
The British Elliot Rodger?
Bill Burr Gets Married
The Fiamengo File - Roosh and free speech
the useful links thread
Aussie journalist quits after allegedly trolling tranny, Rosie Batty on Twitter
Toronto cop doesn't want to discuss about Slut Walk
The Battle of Canada Moves To Amazon: Petition to Remove Roosh V's Works
The Dark Side of the Moon (A Satellite Photo)
A night in Luhansk. The consequences of artillery attack.
More women than ever not in US labor force
Why Yes Can Mean No
A Brief Guide to the Islamic State
Real American Men Stop Terrorist Attack with Their Bare Hands on European Train
Live from TO protest
Feminist Fridge Raider's Fearful Fantasises
Why "The Dark Knight Rises" is the most redpill movie of this generation
Rooshv T-Shirt Idea
Comic Books Are Gay - Here's The Cure
Hick Judge forces man to marry girlfriend over threat of jail time
Israel and Hezbollah at it again
Ask the Bigot: Why the Daughter of Lesbian Parents is Against Gay Marriage
Black Lives Matter leader lied about being black
Slut gets spit roasted at a public rodeo and is proud of it (Vid and Pics inside)
Photoshoppers show how "plus sized" models look better thinner
New Bar Opens in London Where You Get Buzzed By Breathing in Alcohol
1 UFC Fighter Released Another Indefinitely Suspended Over Domestic Abuse Allegations
Give your props to the good old days...
Hamgalaxy writes shitty revenge porn about lynchings of "rapists", also fatshaming
Embedding YouTube Videos
Former Feminist is Now an Anti-Feminist
Article about woman's husband dying
Could The United Nations Actually Be Useful?
Black Woman Rips Council over Illegal Aliens
YouTube Gamer Smashing Yanet Garcia
Do you ever watch fat women eat?
Dave Ramsey "We need more men in this culture"
American hustler arrested as murder suspect in Japan
Forum 4 Page 106

D.C. Man Kidnapped In Broad Daylight, Raped By Seven Assailants In Van
Dudes reactions to their girlfriend getting catcalled.
Student Wrongfully Expelled for Rape Triumphs in Court
Crazy Idea:  Return of Kings Femininity Pageant
NOTICE TO ALL MEMBERS: War time rules in effect
White House hires first openly transgender staff member
Rich and Famous Men Still Get Played Volume III: The Terrence Howard Story
How many votes will Trump get in the General Elections?
Nelson Mandela's grandson charged with rape
Teen son of single mom lawmaker arrested in drive-by killing of high schooler
Ex-Deep Purple singer says Putin is the only politician telling the truth
FDA Approves 'Female Viagra'
Re: I'm starting a video game site/REAXXION
Frumpy Fructose Forager Finds Fame In Fat Shame
Has anyone here joined Dollar Shave Club?
James Harrison says NO to his kid's participation trophies
Urgent advice needed: Medical services at reasonable prices
Trigger Warnings and Frailty of the Millennial Mind
Join Feminist crusade to ban hyperfeminism on campus....now!
Whe you don't understand soomeone else's (offhand) behavior
Feminists turning on male feminists again
Fashion Boss tells lesbians, old, and fat women not to wear his dresses
Funny older article: Sweden shuts down Affirmative Action after men avail to it.
War on Women on The O'Reilly Factor
Banning of Aliblahbla
A message to feminists
BATTLE OF TORONTO: Operation Fornication
Woman jailed for disfiguring boyfriend, gets public support
Shaving
Perceptions of Perfection around the world
Rolling stone article on millennial sex
man or woman? quiz
"Social Justice Warrior" Showerthought
Facebook "help, I was raped, need money for abortion!"
Men may never truly get over a relationship break-up, says study
White Feminism Is Under Attack
Is there a guide to arguing (and winning) against feminists?
James Harrison Hates Participation Trophies
Massive Explosion in Tianjin
Can Someone Explain How to Do Attachments On the Forum?
Forum 4 Page 107

Why do feminists hate the game?
BATTLE OF TORONTO: Operation Caliphate
Another Montreal Beer-Throwing Incident: and She Tries to Connect it with Roosh
Interesting collision this evening
BATTLE OF TORONTO: Canadian MPP Cheri Di Novo supporting criminal organizer
Guest speaker has arrived for the toronto event
BATTLE OF TORONTO: Pre-operations
The Black Guy & White Girl Issue
Woman wins lottery and divorces husband - Judge orders her to pay husband all 1.3mil
Sharon Stone's last gasp.
Roosh's Army - WORLD TOUR - In Pictures
"Kokkinakis banged your girlfriend, sorry to tell you that mate"
NY Prison Break - Female Prison Employee Questioned
Women suffer greater psychological effects from commute than men
Most Disturbing Documentaries Ever
Asian male attacks Chinese/French couple with Kitana (Possible Beta Male rage)
Three Muslim Sisters start Bare your Breast Rally near Toronto
Los Angeles Reservoir Covered With 96 Million Shade Balls to Conserve Water
Attention Whore Gushes Period Blood During Marathon
Toronto Roosh Talk
Modern Family Actress Gets Breast Reduction Because of  "Misogynistic" Attention
Youtube Star Pewdiepie made $7 Million in 2014
POW/MIA flag is racist!
Five parent family sets new benchmark for degeneracy
Five years ago it was called Hook up culture- why the change of name to Rape culture?
Twitter Alternatives
How porn screws up your brain
Cialis for damage control (this stuff WORKS!!)
Illegals entering UK through Chunnel.
how to concentrate?
Beauty queen accused of faking cancer and receiving donation money
Target Under Fire for 'Objectifying' T-Shirt for Women
Thread for Future Roosh World Tour Invitations
Roosh Is Blowing Up! (Media coverage)
Montreal Men's Meetup Group
My "How To Stop Rape" post has awoken the neon haired freaks
BATTLE OF MONTREAL: Operation Medusa
Fight, and Keep Fighting, the Good Fight
New PETA AD
Roosh Wikipedia
Forum 4 Page 108

Deleting Profile
Canadian female reporter files report after male teen kisses her during live report
Restricting girlfriend internet usage?
ISIS sets up price list for female child slaves
Betapedia
Could the Toronto speech be streamed live and Recorded?
Toys R Us agree to drop sexist labeling of girls' and boys' toys
Woman drowns because dad didn't want strange men to touch her
Greenpeace stops Shell by hanging from a Bridge
Joe Rogan and Gad Saad - Evolution vs. Feminism
Dating Show Contestant Sues Rapper The Game for Alleged Sexual Assault While Filming
Rob Rhinehart and Soylent
Dr. Dre's Album Is Finally Here
Call a feminist fat on Twitter and go to jail
Wall Victim: Jenny Agutter
Suspect charged after 5 kids, 3 adults found dead in Houston home
Why is the sex industry frowned upon in America?
Men Will Someday Have Kids Without Women
The Republican Establishment/Party is Traitorous. Here's How Trump Can Ruin Them
Wall Victim: Tara Reid
Elaborate wedding proposal
Woman destroys feminism in 3 minutes
30 is the new 50. Woman complains men have it better aging
At what point do men hit the wall?
Why doesn't RooshVForum have HTTPS?
BATTLE OF MONTREAL: Operation Revelation
51% of UK citizens haven't had sex in the past month says charity research study
Politically Correct College Shithead Tries to School Seinfeld On Comedy
Wall victim: Lana Del Rey
The American Girl's Theme Song: "Carousel" by Melanie Martinez
Man dumps wife because she is too fat
BATTLE OF MONTREAL: Assistance needed
When MMA/Boxers get hit in the face...
For Those Who Meditate
Modern Male Criticizes Boxing Film for being Too Macho
Woman accused of hiring hit man to kill ex gets probation
Fundamental “truths” I’ve learned from the Canadian left
RIP Maxim Magazine -- Maxim latest victim of feminist takeover.
Kimmel chokes up over Cecil the lion
India Bans Porn
Forum 4 Page 109

HuffPo: I Was the Hostess at a Men's Rights Seminar
80/20 rule
Petition to ban Roosh from Canada
Groom Sues Bride For Not Looking Pretty Without Make-Up
1st world feminist gets worldview destroyed by 3rd world feminist
Fox News Republican Debate
feminists banned tyler the creator from australia
A shooting in Lafayette LA theatre
Fat-Shaming goes main stream. NYT Times Opinion
New Dating App Created By Women Elevates Shit-Testing
Grenade Attacks in Malmö Sweden
Man shoots down drone hovering over his yard, gets arrested (KY)
My ultra-feminist neighbor complaining that her grandsons can't get jobs
Michael Jackson's Father, Joe Jackson Hospitalized After Party-Binge.
On Female Nature - the Choice between two men
Huntington Park, CA appoints two illegals to city commisions
Research says women lie two times more than men on social media,especially on Twitter
Edited
Shocking mangina montage youtube video.
UK TV Documentary Shows That Many Russian Models Make Very Little Money in China
Going To College Which Is Better - Big City Or Small College Town?
Who's taking the photos?: a travelling tittied typist tattles
Cops Save Man From Train - Not All Cops Are Bad
Dating app hookup landed teen on sex offender list...
HitchBOT, the hitchhiking robot, gets beheaded in Philadelphia
Robert Mugabe "Eats a Zoo" to Celebrate 91st Birthday
#GiveYourMoneyToWomen is Another Word for Prostitution
Putting Penis Propaganda in Its Place
Female Engineer starts a new hashtag for humble brag attention whoring
Campus Rape Expert Can’t Answer Basic Questions About His Sources
[Video] Why Are Feminists Fat & Ugly?
Child Sex Abuse Investigation into ex-PM Heath
Your Hillary 2016 Survival Plan
Mission Impossible
Report: Teen use of morning-after pill climbing
Bruce Jenner supporter threatens Ben Shapiro
Seattle CEO's $70K Minimum Salary Experiment Fails [re-titled]
Teaching little girls to be sluts. Twerking toys in Walmart
Struggles Of A Muslim Man Living In The West. Wisdom from an Arab forum
Business Insider:"US Presidential Candidate promises next-to-eternal biological life"
Forum 4 Page 110

George Zimmerman Named in 911 Road Rage Call
Here come the pedos...Boy scouts lifts ban on gay leaders
Chick Decides To Lose Weight After A Friend Dates A Guy She Liked, But Couldn't Get
How many of you guys own a gun?
Drug Mule gets caught at border after she can't control her hamster
Quit Your Bitching
Chinese Trustfund Kids Sent To "social responsibility" Retreat
Need help identifying song in video
Most Patient Cop In The World Arrests Most Irritating Chick In The World
Things that don't exist but should by now
Men react to girlfriends getting cat called on NY streets
All grins, Baltimore boy becomes 1st to receive new hands
New video says - shame on you white people!
South American smokeshow slung into Sino slammer, supposedly smuggling snow
First Bilateral Hand Transplant in Child shows the Potential of the Human Species
ISIS takes a loss
Moto G battery drain on Android 5.02
Tin Hat: DDOS Attack on www.returnofkings.com?
Hackers Remotely Kill a Jeep on the Highway—With Me in It
Porn women like [NSFW - probably]
Flight Attendant Confesses In Book: "I Had Sex In The Cockpit & Fucked Billionaires"=
Have threads been changing titles or is it my imagination?
What Open Marriage Taught One Man about Feminism
Worst thing you ever Googled?
How to game dishonest rental company?
Sisters Go Topless in Public, File Complaint Against Cops
50 Reasons This Girl Will Learn To Love Cats
Modern girls love Harley Quinn with no hint of irony.
Lindy West got married
Woman decides to write 'Honest' Tinder profiles
Seattle Experiences """Unexpected""" Fallout from New Minimum Wage
Infowars does video on neomasculinity
MGTOW (Sandman) On Roosh and Neo Masculinity
Matt kroc is transgender?
Heartiste twitter is suspended definitively by Randi Lee Harper
Never Eat Beef Again....
"alpha male" powerlifter/bodybuilder goes tranny.
FIFA Corruption Scandal - 6 Arrested for Extradition to USA
The most beta article ever published on Huffington Post
Bulimia.com turns beautiful female video game characters into fatasses
Forum 4 Page 111

Boy Scouts Primed for Pedo Expeditions
Old Guy is shocked--I can't turn off texting in my iPhone
buzzfeed praises Rachel McAdam's hair in True D
OpenDNS just blocked RVF today for me, Google Workaround fix
Trigger Warning
What do non-Americans think about the US's free speech laws?
Sisters at baseball game see a man's wife texting another man and tells him
Obese NJ gov Chris Christie says weed users are diseased, vows federal crackdown
Ex Gitmo detainee wrote "Innocent in Guantanamo", arrested for Al Queda recruiting
Hildebeast Cliton wants to double capital gains taxes
4 Marines reportedly dead in shooting attack at Tennessee Navy facility
Battered Oklahoma woman sentenced to 30 years in prison ; abuser gets only two years
The IRS Seized $107,000 From North Carolina Man’s Bank Account
NASA Discovers "Bigger, Older" Cousin to Earth
"Video game characters with realistic body types"
When do you begin referring to girls as women?
A Man's Apology, or 4 "men" showing you how to not get laid
Hogan Legdropping Gawker?
Married at First Sight UK
Play On, Player: Dude Gets Caught Using His Doppelganger For Paternity Test
Oh Joy, We Get To Challenge Our Beauty Standards !!!
International Tequila day Jul-24
Fitness Instructor John Burk Goes In Hard On Fat People and Fat Acceptance
What do the Germanwings crash and Amtrak derailment have in common?
Dante's Divine Comedy is OFFENSIVE!
Hillary Clinton the next president of USA through proven mass online fraud
Supreme Court legalizes gay marriage in the United States
Surfer Mick Fanning escapes shark attack in South Africa
Beta males on a train let a thug stab a man to death and do nothing.
CRACKED Presents: Interview with a "rapist"
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar says that "it's time to rethink the idea of feminine beauty"
Bill Cosby: Guilty of Being a Player - Game Recognized
Spokane NAACP leader under fire for falsely portraying herself as black
How to find out if one's a little insecure bitch
This forum is for losers
Vomit-inducing fat famous feminazi is getting married
Drag queens banned from Pride event 'because they may offend transgender people'
Insecurity Epidemic?
50 Cent files for bankruptcy
It's Official: Bruce Jenner is transitioning into a "woman"
Forum 4 Page 112

"Video game characters with realistic body types"
When do you begin referring to girls as women?
A Man's Apology, or 4 "men" showing you how to not get laid
Hogan Legdropping Gawker?
Married at First Sight UK
Play On, Player: Dude Gets Caught Using His Doppelganger For Paternity Test
Oh Joy, We Get To Challenge Our Beauty Standards !!!
International Tequila day Jul-24
Fitness Instructor John Burk Goes In Hard On Fat People and Fat Acceptance
What do the Germanwings crash and Amtrak derailment have in common?
Dante's Divine Comedy is OFFENSIVE!
Hillary Clinton the next president of USA through proven mass online fraud
Supreme Court legalizes gay marriage in the United States
Surfer Mick Fanning escapes shark attack in South Africa
Beta males on a train let a thug stab a man to death and do nothing.
CRACKED Presents: Interview with a "rapist"
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar says that "it's time to rethink the idea of feminine beauty"
Bill Cosby: Guilty of Being a Player - Game Recognized
Spokane NAACP leader under fire for falsely portraying herself as black
How to find out if one's a little insecure bitch
This forum is for losers
Vomit-inducing fat famous feminazi is getting married
Drag queens banned from Pride event 'because they may offend transgender people'
Insecurity Epidemic?
50 Cent files for bankruptcy
It's Official: Bruce Jenner is transitioning into a "woman"
British female politican doesn't like compliments
Wedding - Man Kicks Bride In Head
We must stop indoctrinating boys in feminist ideology
Attention Whore Tries To Embarrass NBA Player for DM'ing Her His Number
Girl spends college fund on clothes and traveling to Europe but blames parents.
Yoga Poses and Headstands: the New Duckface
Russian man hanged  himself live on Skype and invited users to watch!
If You Are A Cold War Junkie Or You Just Like Maps
Surfer Mick Fanning attacked by Great White
Gawker Publishes Article Outing Competitor CFO As Gay - Outrage Ensues
Microaggression: A Beginner's #SJW Guide
Court case: Couple agrees to destroy embryos upon divorce, now divorcing
FIFA 16 to include Women Teams
Instagram bans fat chicks. Fat fans not happy
Forum 4 Page 113

Hospital consultant ordered to pay ALL his assets to ex wife in Britain
Internet Porn Star Mia Khalifa Humiliates NFL Player on Social Media
Russians hate fags
Harassed Scottish barmen refuse to wear kilts
Debasing the Currency: What Feminism Has Done to Sex, the Family and the Future
Duke Neuroscientists Harness The Power Of Rodent's Minds With "Brainets"
Terminator Genisys [spoilers]
U.S. politics
Quora:  Why would you *not* choose to marry a career woman
Greatest Freakout Ever
I think I found the 50 year old version of Lena Dunham
Will "legal stings" become a big thing?
'I was told I was too fat to be seen with' says smug Hammer throwing Hamster
Ariana Grande and Donutgate - SJWs accuse her of fat-shaming
Did you know SJWs like Zoe Quinn are making thousands of dollars a month on Patreon?
Factual refutation of feminism propaganda
License plate:  "WNB"
Chick destroys her own marriage live on TV gameshow
Hamster Admits Strongest Feelings for Brief Flings
Fat Chick Rant: Burnt Food, "N*ggas Ho'ing Out," Intellectual Convos & Haters
Woman throws tantrum due to phone running out of battery
Huge fella punches small female employee into next week, no charges, but fired
Ukrainian tennis player:"half of WTA are lesbians so I wouldn't let my daughter play"
State Government joins bandwagon of "court of social media opinion"
Tranny MMA Fighter Destroys Female Opponents
Tinder introducing "verified" celebrity profiles
Official RVF song of summer 2015
Two women try to turn the tables by "drive-by street harrassment" of men
26 escorts reveal their first time
Russia Created a “Flag for Straights” to Fight “Gay Fever”
Proof that  you should not take advice from women
New Facebook logo is more gender equal
Screaming babies in public places...
Do women become more feminine when they are in danger?
China's Financial Market Is Crashing
Being Called a Mother, Daughter or Partner is Now Sexist
Source for bondage gear?
Lorna Jane: Fat women turning on thin women
New Zealand makes trolling illegal
Anyone working at cell phone store?
Forum 4 Page 114

Red Pill Truths You Instinctively Knew At A Young Age
Liam Neeson Declined Bond Role - Natasha Richardson Said She Wouldn't Marry Him
Women's team wins World Cup. American left takes one day to spin sexism story.
Gmac?
Experiment on Mice in 1970s accurately describing modern living
Post wall forex manager sues her employer for sexism
Incest In Germany?
Jurassic World officially shit
Student prosecuted for biting woman on her bottom during sex
500,000,000 people in India still shit out in the open...
Tired of being lied to, who do we trust?
2 Guys in 2 Days asked to use my phone -Scam?
rape accusation to get out of a lease?
Cristiano Ronaldo finds woman’s phone, trades it for dinner date
This Rihanna video is insane
Chubby Spinster Friendzoned by Tinder Date. Solution? Attention Whore
The Latest Feminist Propoganda in India
Average looking girls in high demand on the sexual marketplace
The Butterfly Effect 3, Narcissistic Mothers And The Decline Of America
SF-looks
English teachers ban junk food
If you lose your phone in Vegas, Cristiano Ronaldo might find it and take you out
Ex Judge post his exes on Back Page
What Women Look Like With No Makeup
Couple registered as sex offenders after shagging on the beach
Wrestler Randy Orton engaged to a single Mom with 3 kids!
I hate “blue pill” people
Moon Landing Denier Accuses Buzz Aldrin Of Being A Liar, Then Gets Punched In Face
Dad knocks out sexual predator that met daughter online
Remember Fat Girl Jihad?
Redpill and divorce
Hoes aren't loyal: Playboy playmate denounces Hugh Heffner
Why isn't female atheleticism more valued by men?
Hugh Grant discusses female empowerment (from The Rewrite)
Heritability of Mental Disorders
Why women comedians are not funny
Christian Farmers Fined $13,000 for Refusing to Host Same-Sex Wedding
Cultural tipping point has been reached
New women's law going into effect
Where you a good student in highschool?
Forum 4 Page 115

The Economics of Sex
Meet Tim ’Sharky’ Ward, the ex-loan shark turned pimp and animal activist.
What's the psychology behind everybody rainbowfying their FB profile pics?
"Humans of New York" Facebook Page
George Orwell, human resources and the English language
Australian school chastised for teaching girls not to be sluts
"Relationship Insurance, Stay in your Line", One of THE best videos in a LONG time!
Tubecrush - Women (and gays) Take Secret Photos of Men & Rate Online
Is male objectification what's next on the liberal agenda?(Magic Mike)
Best parody sites?
Battle for polygamy begins
Work for a woman
Black man kills himself after attacking Asian girls for being rejected [retitled]
"Donate $1 Million Or I'll Abort My Baby"
Post Wall Actress Says women are attacked in Media
Amy Schumer Feminist Gang Bang
Judd Apatow Falls For Chubby Slut In New Movie
Song of the Summer 2015
The Next Agenda: HIV Stigma
#‎StopManscriminate
Slut shaming costs $23 million
Costumed girls on Las Vegas streets demand tips for pics [retitled]
Rolling Stone In-depth Article on Ronda Rousey
Line of Trucks Crashing While Flying Confederate Flags
WTF: Yahoo News reports on a 11-year-old-girl who was cheated on
Feminist Typist Femsplains Masculinity
Reminded, again, why I would not wife up an American.
Steven Hawking proves time travel will never exist.
Androgynous culture rising in America? Straight women looking exactly like men
Buzzfeed Video 5  of Things Women Will Never Say
looking for a study on fatherhood.
UK University Students Seek Rich Older Men to Pay Their University Fees
Stephen Hawking is a mysogynist.
Aussie dads' app makes it safer than ever to share nudes
Need Tech Help From the Manosphere
Social Justice Week Tonight  with John Oliver
High School Gang Brutally Beat Up Classmate because he made Honor Roll
CNN Publishes Article Accusing White Males of Being Mass Killers
First Indian to make it to the NBA
Soccer is fixed
Forum 4 Page 116

Banker Chick's priceless rant against Carousel Riding NYC Americunts
Puerto Rico economic default crisis [retitled]
Writing in Textspeak on the Forum Can Cost You a Job
Has the federal government ever had sex?
The homosexuality thread [retitled]
The great powers didn't protect the Jews - Pope
Paint sprayer in hand, a young French woman defies the system
Woman Lied About Abortion and Gave Man's Baby to Gay Friend
Woman realizes she’s been abusing her man
Beta Pride-rising in America?
Just a shout out
Toyota's Diversity Initiative fails because American Women can't work without pills
"My Brother's Keeper" Predictions
Understanding The Narcissistic Personality Of Our Time (Ch. 2)
Worlds ugliest man has more reproductive success than you.
"Women flock to Japan zoo to see 'hunky' gorilla"
Canada changes it's prostitution laws, adopting Nordic Model
List of SJW buzz words
NBA Draft pick game
Vladimir Putin denounces US Supreme Court Ruling on Same-Sex Marriage
Islamists behead Frenchman in Grenoble
Is there any hope for humanity?
Man receives sex act while blacked out, gets accused of sexual assault
Teens invent color-changing condoms to warn of STDs
Women Are Pervs, Too- No joke.
What is your favorite beer?
Trans-Pacific Partnership
When did you first learn that Gay Marriage was a Right? [Poll]
A way to leverage your height? Guy Pretends He Got Drafted In The 2015 NBA Draft
Man wins $500,000 after recording female-led surgury team verbally abusing patiant
Peanut Butter And Jelly Racist in Portland
Police caught on camera laughing as they discuss why they arrested an innocent man
Female doctor sued (and loses) for $500k for poking fun at male patient.
Girl Who Carried Mattress Around Columbia makes "Rape" Video art
Guy Pretends He Got Drafted In The 2015 NBA Draft (Sneak peek into celebrity life)
Female EMT fired for refusing to respond to dying infant
Author of "Eat, Pray, Love" Admits She Has A Problem
German sluts fly abortion drones into Poland
Man decapitated in 'Islamist attack' in France
The power of listening - An experience with a forum member
Forum 4 Page 117

Japan: Pregnancy Harassment
Parents who feed their children shit should be charged with child abuse.
Critique My Thinking: A Working Taxonomy Of False Rape Claims
Massage therapist accused of giving the finger
Buzzfeed Hamsters replacing Victoria Secret models
Man sets up insta-date hustle in subway spot
Delusion Damage archive
Móbile app for roosh
Reggae
Well. It's happening. Women on submarines
Nobel Winning Scientist Forced to Resign For Saying Women Shouldn't Work With Men
Ex-MLB Player Victim of Murder-Suicide By His Girlfriend
Russia's "Stop A Douchebag" Movement: Vigilante Traffic Justice [Video]
High schoolers in Shitstralia suspended for allegedly harrassing Clementine Ford
Police Officers Share their Views on the Current State of Affairs
John Oliver On Paid Maternity Leave
Venezualan women know how to support their countrymen
Florida Woman took selfies during sex with pitbull
Remember that Bridezilla incident from Reddit?
Third Trimester Tarts Takes To Tinder To Test Thrist
Bill Maher Clowns SJWs
Feminist gets raped, makes a movie about it
Russian youths take the law into their own hands - no illegal parking
6 new animated gifs have been added to the forum
Di-vorsprung Durch Technik
Chris Rock on fathers
Take Me Out
Domineering Dads and Sexual Frustration Driving Western Kids to ISIS (documentary)
American Cops Killed More People in March than the UK Did in the Entire 20th Century
Brian Williams is a Lying Little Bitch
Tiger woods wants to remarry
Former Fattie loses 278 pounds and shows image of before and after
Delusional Author of Prozac Nation Writes Narcissistic Essay
Next SJW Agenda: You Can't Defend Yourself
No Sex Jokes Please, French Government Advises Travelers to U.S.
Ala. Authorities Say Alleged Assault of White Family Not A Hate Crime
Best 90s - 00s Pop/Rock Songs Thread
FIFA is "biased" because it tests to make sure no men in female league
Dwayne Wade, P. Diddy, and the Rich Black SIMPS.
Taking selfies is now a mental disorder?
Forum 4 Page 118

Italian Hedge Funder:"Never, ever marry an American woman"
Rules on self-promotion
Little Boy Twerks At Pride Parade
Inside America's Billion Dollar Divorce Industry
Male author wants to write book critical of "masculinity", feminists attack
Bonnaroo 2015: Game, Music, and Euphoria
Would you be willing to fight for your country?
Gay marriage now legal in all Mexico
Is there any good reason to be on Twitter?
"The Narrative"
Canada's top general attacked, saying men are "biologically wired in a certain way"
Man denies woman a kiss on the kiss-cam twice in a live event
Money is a factor (Top Gear)
Kristen Stewart's Mom "Outs" Her
Men Who Talk About Their Wives/Girlfriends All the Time – What Does it Mean?
Straight Guys with "Gay Voice"
Women with personality disorders
CNN's Fredricka Whitfield: Attack on Dallas Police HQ "very courageous and brave"
Something Positive: 'Man With The Golden Arm' Donates Blood That Has Saved 2 Million
Johnny Punch Her in the Fucking Face - Things you say to a 5 year old
Anti Feminist Party to stand at UK general election
International Students Reveal What They Really Think About Americans (video)
Sugar Baby / Escort posts guide to targeting different types of finance guys for $$
Political prankster has Americans support nuclear strike against Russia and China
The Era of Holographic Computing Is Here
Profound Jokes Thread
Man Saved My Life, Now I'm Accusing Him of Rape
Free sex in tax protest
Students offended by 'fat-shaming' class pamphlets
Feminist director puts giant vagina sculpture in Versailles Palace
Bizarre French Language Site Documenting Contemporary Sex Lives
Christopher Lee Died at age 93
Cool Shit From Your Childhood/Youth Thread
Wisdom from Duckman!
McKinney, TX: Another police/race incident
Tattoo artist's response to scorned Jezebel writer is stuff of legends
Flibanserin - female viagra FDA approval may be imminent
Is Japan’s Sexless Present America’s Sexual Future?
Would You Continue To Post Here If You Had To Use Your Real Name?
Minecraft
Forum 4 Page 119

787 Near Vertical Takeoff
Feminist Double Down on Fake Rape Statistics
All 8 female Army Ranger candidates fail
Zoë Saldana on Her Husband Taking Her Last Name: 'Let's Redefine Masculinity'
Veterans' Lounge
Likes on mobile
Barclays banker loses two jobs after email leak
Germany Passes Japan to Have World's Lowest Birthrate
CLASS JOURNALISM: Exposing the Sexism and Racism of Thomas the Tank Engine
Parents who are forcing their son to be a girl as an experiment
Jack Ma, China's Richest Man, Says He Was Happier When He Wasn't a Billionaire
Women Are Not Capable of Understanding Goodfellas
[NSFW]Hold a coke with your boobs challenge
Frenchman Imprisoned And Tortured By Girlfriend, Then Writes Book About It
Snoop Dogg Catching Heat For Calling A FemaleVideographer "Thick" During An Interview
Barrister insists regret after the event cannot make it rape
Sexiest Midget in the World?
Fat People Hate on Reddit
Bill Maher Interview About Rape On Campus-- Woman Concedes Statistics Are Bullshit
She Expects a Pussy Pass for DUI Death
Hamsters lie about first date sex
Same sex marriage referendum in Ireland
Google + SideWalk Labs
Wednesday: Live video interview with Vox Day
Lithuanian Feminists Photograph Their Men Crying After Being Conscripted
Seinfeld: College Kids Way Too PC Now, They Don’t Even Know What ‘Racist’ Means
Girl Names
Big Fat Fatty gets rewarded with model contract
Louis CK sexual harrassment allegations
Is Tim Ferriss a Fraud?
OKC Story from girls POV
Wall Survivor: Sofia Vergara
Installing a urinal in your pad
Cock Carousel Death Toll Mounts in England and Wales
HALT Campus Sexual Violence Act
She-Ape Cries Rape After Date's Train Escape
The overwhelming desire to spread your seed
Red Pill Lyrics
(Ex-Adriana Lima) Marko Jaric's new squeeze
Unabridged Memoirs of Jacques Casanova
Forum 4 Page 120

Is classical music considered beta?
White american woman complains about dating in HK
American Woman Blatantly Ignores Warnings And Is Eaten Alive
The Purpose of Political Correctness is not to Persuade, but to Humiliate
False Rape Claim News: Woman cried rape because man kept her waiting 45mins!
Wall Survivor:Paulina Porizkova.
What American shopping malls looked like in 1989
Title IX "Coordinator" Makes More Than a Plumber
The Sexodus, Part 1: The Men Giving Up On Women And Checking Out Of Society
If you could make 10 laws, what would they be?
High Class Call Girls – UK Documentary About Whoring From the Whore’s Point of View
Floyd Mayweather Took A Loss.... Outside The Ring
oldest Duggar girl still single at 24
Big Banks Blame Bumbling Americans For Being Broke
Feminists are trying to take over Wikipedia
Simpin' Ain't Easy: Man Loses Fortune To Fortune Teller Over An Uninterested Chick
Game saves...money.
"Knowledge, Arts, and Letters" is now the "Deep Forum"
Feature Request: Readers Mode on Desktop Version of RV-Forum
Sepp Blatter Resigns - Finally
old video of Putin's Army girls washing cars
33 Year-Old grandmother defends her shitty parenting
6/10 drives drunk, kills two people, gets fat, sentenced to 24 years in jail.
Self contradicting campus rape propaganda
Los Angeles sets Minimum Wage of $15/hr
Leftist Party’s Win in Alberta May Affect Future of Oil Sands
A woman should behave at least as well as a dog
Novelty races and the fat chicks who run them
Girl comments on School dress code in Yearbook.
Anyone watch Kung Fury?
Fat Chicks Music Video
Political Correctness: 2002 vs 2014.  A lot has changed!
NHL 2014-2015  Season Thread
Suffragette: A Feminist Movie
In Defense of Bros Everywhere
ISIS issues guidelines for sex slavery
Don't ever marry if you've a temper problem...
Robin Thicke Banging 19-Year-Old Smoke Show
[NSFW] Reddit's CuteMode/SlutMode (madonna|whore) phenomenon [NSFW] -- Porn
Your Regular Internet Browsing Habits
Forum 4 Page 121

Forest Grove HS graduates 20 valedictorians
Bruce (Caitlyn) Jenner And The Tranny Bandwagon
Liberal Professor now afraid of his Liberal (Entitled) Students
T.S.A is expanding its duties past the airport.
Mining the RVF: A compilation of repped posts
Hillary Clinton Out of Presidential Race [Hoax]
29 'terrible' dating tips for girls from 30 years ago
Post a collection of Some of Your Best Comments/Observations
Surprisingly Red Pill Comments on The Economist Article
Bill Marriot (Octogenarian) and Millennial Discussing Career Advice
Riots In Baltimore After Death In Police Custody
Do you ignore things you don't agree with?
Jawdropping similarities between ancient Christian sect and modern SJWs
80 year ex-bodybuilder gets it.
Feminist tries to install air conditioner...
[INFOGRAPHIC] "Wage Gap" is actually ~4%
#GiveYourMoneyToWomen hashtag on Twitter
Rand Paul vows to force expiration of USA Patriot Act
Dude Proposes To Chick During Pickup Basketball Game
Girls & Tattoos!  Gone Too Far... Is This A World Trend?
Woman Jailed for 2 weeks for Having Loud Sex
Russia: Putin presents families with 'Order of Parental Glory'
"Top that motherfuckers."
Congrats RVF College Class of 2015!
Lighthearted Reality Show Sends Czech Family To Nazi Summer Camp
How do you break a tie?
Indian Race Troll (IRT) Shills Hitler Ice Cream Cones
Hispanic paradox: Why immigrants have a high life expectancy
How do you unsubscribe?
Feminists Complaint About Lack of Literary Awards for Boring Books About Women
Stolen Valor: Is this what's hot in the streets now?
Lesson in Alpha by the EU commissioner
Mangina Father publicly shaming son
Twitter outrage over college statue shows how deep and fast society has changed
Homeless Student Named Valedictorian
Silk Road founder sentenced to life in prison without parole
Date Lab: carousel rider goes on date with beta male
Video games: Team Summer Sale 2015 - Starts June 11th
Emotional photo of Marine and bride praying goes viral
[Bug Report] Browser crashes when trying to add YouTube link
Forum 4 Page 122

Kenyan lawyer offers 50 cows, 70 sheep and 30 goats to marry Malia Obama
In College and Hiding from Scary Ideas
Limbaugh on modern militant feminism and its consequences on today's society
Incel rates in Anglosphere
manosphere conservative bullshit re: global warming
Gavin McInnes v moronic 'academic femininst'
Men's Rights, The Red Pill, Reddit, oh my!
Women + Yoga pants = attention whores?
Toronto seduction coach defends his work after video draws police attention
World's strongest kid grew up and doesn't even lift anymore
Tunisian white knight stabbed for a French girl : gets a medal from city but no pussy
Feminism Is A War Against Pretty Women And Happiness
19 Signs That You Live In A Country That Has Gone Completely Insane - by M. Snyder
Lesbian teen feminist references wage gap myth in yearbook quote... and can't do math
Washington Post #FatShaming
Pretty girls mutilating themselves with tattoo's
Game in the News
INSANE WORLD
The threat of male/male sexual contact to heterosexuals
Elton John's Husband Named as Mother on Childrens’ Birth Certificates
What's Your First Thought When A Woman Tells You She's A Feminist?
Syriza Rides Anti-Austerity Wave to Decisive Victory in Greece
'Louie' Has Jumped the Shark
Liltle Lena's been to the gym - trigger warning
From New Jersey: Sexual Assault By Deception?
Johnny Depp's dog kicked out of Australia
Woman dates her father
RIP BB KING
Man Holds Carjacking Suspect at Gunpoint Until Atlanta PD Arrive
Australian version of Dan Bilzerian meet Travers Beynon
Drunk historian rant:  "Women always better off than men, every society, every era"
how to do a poll on the forum
Prostitute Murders Google Exec And Will Only Serve About Three Years
'Instagram's Biggest Playboy' throws a naked porn actress off the ROOF of his Mansion
Latvian model fails with her false rape AND paternity accusation
Hot russian microbiologist says that aging can be cured. Would You Bang?
Eurovision Live Thread: Girl Ratings
Islamic State claims forced sex is not rape
Fight Videos
Girl talks shit on an NYC subway. Gets slapped back to the future
Forum 4 Page 123

Music lounge
Law Student 'Schools' Police Officer on Gun Carry
Fox News Feminist gets owned by Male activist
Major League Baseball Star's Pay Stub Goes Viral
Maureen Dowd Tries A Pot Brownie, Tweaks Out For 8 Hours In A Hotel Room
Sinatra: All Or Nothing At All (Documentary)
77% of Dutch women work part-time. Why is the Netherlands so different?
Joe Morrissey Is a Politican with Game
Laurie Penny getting destroyed for defending vandalism against women's statue
Man vs Feminist on TV (not McInnes)
God damned Madonna is ugly
Proof Tax Exempt Foundations Collaborate to Undermine U.S. Education
I need help desperately
Gay divorce
Question for the guys in here who cook
Do you guys ever think...
Roosh on Rollo Tomassi
Dom Mazzetti and Jenna Marbles on Single Life
Gay man with purple beard and man boobs criticizes ROK
Radical mom fights back against school pool party rules
Men Can Be Sexualized, women can't
Intel Embracing Feminists, Some Radical
Girl with down syndrome loses 45 pounds and becomes a model
Call girl injected Google exec with heroin
Woman critiques rape culture
Basically Every Motivational Poster On Facebook Now
Gay Champion College Wrestler Sentenced to 60 years for Spreading HIV
Free Ben Fiberesima!!
skinny shaming song
Hollywood hamsters in overdrive at Sultan of Brunei
IRT
Barren Womb NYC Yentas Blame "Immature Men" for Being Nothing but P&D Material
Macfoxes
Keira Knightly Poses Nude To "Prove" Women Don't Need Photoshop NSFW
Lawmakers refuse to be in rooms with female staffers
Chinese billionaire pays £5M (USD $8M) to hire Japanese porn star for 15 Years
Diamonds: A Lesson in Cultural Control for the Benefit of the Few
North Carolina mom leaves 3 kids to fight against Syria
Which Weirdo will lose the 2020 UK General Election? / Labour Leadership Contest
Fairfax County Public Schools to teach kids there's no such thing as boys or girls
Forum 4 Page 124

Law Student 'Schools' Police Officer on Gun Carry
Fox News Feminist gets owned by Male activist
Major League Baseball Star's Pay Stub Goes Viral
Maureen Dowd Tries A Pot Brownie, Tweaks Out For 8 Hours In A Hotel Room
Sinatra: All Or Nothing At All (Documentary)
77% of Dutch women work part-time. Why is the Netherlands so different?
Joe Morrissey Is a Politican with Game
Laurie Penny getting destroyed for defending vandalism against women's statue
Man vs Feminist on TV (not McInnes)
God damned Madonna is ugly
Proof Tax Exempt Foundations Collaborate to Undermine U.S. Education
I need help desperately
Gay divorce
Question for the guys in here who cook
Do you guys ever think...
Roosh on Rollo Tomassi
Dom Mazzetti and Jenna Marbles on Single Life
Gay man with purple beard and man boobs criticizes ROK
Radical mom fights back against school pool party rules
Men Can Be Sexualized, women can't
Intel Embracing Feminists, Some Radical
Girl with down syndrome loses 45 pounds and becomes a model
Call girl injected Google exec with heroin
Woman critiques rape culture
Basically Every Motivational Poster On Facebook Now
Gay Champion College Wrestler Sentenced to 60 years for Spreading HIV
Free Ben Fiberesima!!
skinny shaming song
Hollywood hamsters in overdrive at Sultan of Brunei
IRT
Barren Womb NYC Yentas Blame "Immature Men" for Being Nothing but P&D Material
Macfoxes
Keira Knightly Poses Nude To "Prove" Women Don't Need Photoshop NSFW
Lawmakers refuse to be in rooms with female staffers
Chinese billionaire pays £5M (USD $8M) to hire Japanese porn star for 15 Years
Diamonds: A Lesson in Cultural Control for the Benefit of the Few
North Carolina mom leaves 3 kids to fight against Syria
Which Weirdo will lose the 2020 UK General Election? / Labour Leadership Contest
Fairfax County Public Schools to teach kids there's no such thing as boys or girls
"Yall White Males the problem": newly-minted, black female BostonU prof
Forum 4 Page 125

The truth about women who don't have kids
David Cameron Read 1984 as a Guide
Who Wants To See Roosh Interviewed By This Guy?
'Breastaurant' -  booze, food, sports and sex
YouTuber Evicerates Instagram Thirst Trap
Just for Laughs
Mainstream blockbuster movies filled with Feminist Propaganda
How to raise a sexist son?
"We are glad he is white" Kentucky sheriff says after police shoot car thief
Violent video games and online pornography leading to crisis in masculinity
Harassment by "Waiting" [Video]
Feminist Professor Commits Suicide because of Dementia
Is it possible for the U.S. to have a non-interventionist President/foreign policy?
Legal Q&A Thread
The dangers of the red pill
How many important feminists really rule the world right now?
Who do you envy?
"Yes Means Yes?" College Girl Writes That Yes Also Means No
El Mechanico is at 9,999 posts
Another Lawmaker Caught Dipping His Pen in the Company Intern
Slavic music
Boston Bombs on Boylston St?
Original Indian Race Troll Officially Joins Twitter!
SJW: The Video Game
Joss Whedon chased off of twitter for not doing feminism right
52% of Japanese oppose same sex marriage
Amazing Dailymail article on marriage could have been published on Return of Kings
Dudes of Reddit that take care of other alphas kids
100 days without ejaculating
Sandra Bullock Is PEOPLE's 2015 World's Most Beautiful Woman!
Who's watching Banshee on Cinemax?
18-year-old Girl Wants to Set Record for Longest Tongue
Edward Snowden on John Oliver's "Last Week Tonight"
Man kills himself while hyphenated-named wife is on all-girls weekend
Cop Indicted After Caught On Video Kicking Suspect In The Face
Crash Test Dummies Answer The Age Old Question
ROK article about new Mad Max movie dissed in the Times of India
You Now Have a Shorter Attention Span Than a Goldfish
Boston University Professor Tweets Racist Comments About Whites
Gavin McInnes Wrecks Feminist
Forum 4 Page 126

27 year old makes million(s) on death spiralling penny stocks
Two suspects shot dead at Muhammad Art Exhibit
Internet Porn in the dial-up era
80s  thread, best of the 80s
Aspiring Model's Bikini Pic with Colostomy Bags Goes Viral
This man has a ridiculous energy level
Old player fools 342 women, online and IRL
Flight Passengers Pissed Because Of Robin Thicke's PDA With His 20 Year-Old PYT
"Please give me cock."
The 4 Big Myths of Profile Pictures
ESPN Fires Bill Simmons
a-centenarians-advice-to-young-women-figure-out-what-you-want
Sexy Sperm Bandits Stalk South Africa
Mr, Mrs, Miss, Mx?
Study: Confidence Drives Success More Than Merit
An Amazing Commercial Celebrating Masculinity
#HowToSpotAFeminist Hashtag Trending. Feminists Not Comprehending.
"I Am Voting With My Vagina: Hillary Clinton For President"
UK Elections 2015 Thread
They used to say the family was oppressive, now it's an "unfair advantage"
If you get assigned to a lesbian manager, just commit hari-kari now
Freaky 23 bagged her 15 y/o neighbor; also wanted a 3some with a dog
Feminists and their faggot fairyfriends
The Funniest Fat Shaming Video
Obama this and that on media sites hype all the time
Early male death...is it something we will have to start getting used to?
Ex-Drug Officer Admits to Stealing Cash and Planting Drugs Over a 24-Year Period
Early puberty in girls caused by antibiotics in food
Full Time Mummy - just fucking get on with it!
Carolina Crazy Eyes Spritzed Windex on Sorority Sisters Spagetti
Captain Capitalism - When the good men retire from the game
"Show Me Your Genitals" by Jon LaJoie
What do you think will happen to non tech savvy people in the future?
Sara Jean Underwood: "The Perfect Girlfriend"
One Direction Reject Escalates White-Knighting Arms Race with Tampon Campaign
Night Terrors - Immersive Horror Cellphone Game
Canada teaches 3rd graders about homosexuality
May 6th - International No Diet Day
Are you good at sports?
Ramzpaul appreciation thread
Forum 4 Page 127

POLL: Mayweather vs Pacquiao - Who Will Win?
Roosh Mentioned on the Joe Rogan Experience
Did Sheryl "lean in" Sandberg's husband die of erotic asphyxiation?
Sam Vaknin and Narcissism
German ,,men's" magazine printed with HIV infected blood
Modern Dating in a Nutshell (Or...this is Exactly How NOT to Do It)
America to invade Europe with 'frankenfoods'
Huffington Post feminist tries to scare me with threat of state violence
Now I KNOW Kanye an IDIOT!
Marine Le Pen betrays father who prepared her career
Ideal male look around the world
Not All Men Have To Run Dread Game...
Young Brits don't recognise any politicians, do recognise Kim Kardashian.
RIP Eli Wallach
"We Couldn’t Stop the Shitlibs" Song Parody
Best News Show Ever ((NSFW))
FeministsAreUgly is trending #1 worldwide on twitter
The very weird death of the husband of Sheryl Sandberg feminist
Why Bother? - even your unicorn doesn't solve the problem
Awe, How Sweet. Fag Couple Adopts Boy. Turns Out They are Part of Intl. Pedo Ring
100 years of beauty in 1 minute: which decade was the best? (Poll)
French-Arab girl commits suicide after being shamed for having black boyfriend
Indian Playboy takes on Gender Equality
Would you vote for Waka Flocka Flame or RooshV for President?
Roosh on the Dr Oz Show
Thing That Piss Me The Fuck Off
The rarest threesome you can have.
Sensible Things You Can’t Say In Public Anymore
BBC Protects Child Abusers and Small Idaho Is Throwing in Jail Christian Pastor
Delusion
Found out something about a popular GIF on this forum
Fighting A Conversation between Sam Harris and Jonathan Gottschall
Cockmagnet Calls Cops On Cat-Callers
Woman slaps NASCAR driver; gets banned and fined thousands
MSNBC Host "Chris Hayes" Satirizes How News Talks About Black People!
Pope Francis goes full feminist
Bud Light Bottle Slogan is accused of promoting Rape
Greenlight for FFM - Where/How to find good candidates?
Foreign Email Scammers And Solicitations (for informational use)
Fire Lieutenant suspended for outing department "bicycle"
Forum 4 Page 128

C.H. Sommers' "Dangerous Speech"
19year old is so haaaaappy in her mugshot
British TV and Movie Recommendations?
The purpose of the alpha and morality?
Legit S01E03
Red Pill Comedian videos
JOE ROGAN EXPERIENCE / DAVE FOLEY'S DIVORCE
How to date older rich men, get 20 000 $ / month, while avoiding sex with them
Devastating 7.9 Magnitude Earthquake Hits Near Kathmandu, Nepal
Nigel Farage: "immigrants from India and Australia better than eastern Europeans"
The difference between female traits that men value in wives and daughters
What do those Jersey Shore type guys do for a living?
No Pussy Pass for Bitchy ESPN Sideline Reporter
More SJW Faggotry - Iceman, One of The Original X-Men, is Now Gay
Brazil economy is expecting recession
Fat, Female Prius Owner Melts Down On Family In Large Truck
TPP: The New SOPA, but Ten Times Worse.
Just two bros: "Straight" guy asks his gay best friend to Prom
Burger King Tits Cause Feminists Fits
Cardinals cheerleader calls police alleging boyfriend attacked her
Columbia University being sued over Mattress Girl
Ultimate fame gold digger prank
Super-Sized Model: Husband Loves His Wife's Eight Foot Belly!
Rose Byrne launches all female production company
20 to 25% Percent of Children in a Marriage - Not Husband's
Chimps are now considered people
Cock Ring and Allowing the Dog to Watch
What would you do if you had an endless supply of money?
Men, Wives And Daughters -- The Shriver Report: An Insight Into The 21st Century Man
Where can i get good cheap sex toys online
Beta sneakiness on girls' iPhones
Watch this and thank me later
Amy Schumer's Skit about Football and Rape
Wakka Flocka Flame running for President
Escaped Kentucky Convict On The Lam For 40 Years Turns Himself In For Medical Care
PSA: stop objectifying boner-killing she-beasts
Hookers for Hillary
Michelle, “The Pass Around Girl” Sex Addict
This Woman Has Been Confronting Her Catcallers — And Secretly Filming Their Reactions
US statesman "sexually assaults" Alzheimer's wife
Forum 4 Page 129

Drunk Woman Sits in Freeway Traffic, Whiteknights Risk Lives
why do girls post unattractive photos of themselves on dating sites?
Tourist arrested after tapping Dubai policewoman on shoulder
Request for clarification of moderator role
Older Woman (50+) Angry That She's Invisible To Men
Ever suspect you're talking to a forum lurker?
"These Hoes Aint Loyal"
Plus Size Wars: The Chafing
Libertarianism: Its Merits & Demerits
Bushido
Sloot embraces the word "spinster"
Japanese dude gets jerked off while singing a song
[NSFL]  [NSFL]  [NSFL] Feeder Fetishism [NSFL]  [NSFL]  [NSFL]
China Bans Models from Auto Show
Tranny in lead for cover of Men's Health
Twitter Campaign: White Women are only good for slutting.
The Wall of Fame: Marianne Faithfull
Neocons / neoconservative ideology established by Jewish Communist Americans
TV "strong women" means we want a female president
And they complain about Manspreading
Gawker attacking Buzzfeed
Sebastian Junger Knows Why Young Men Go to War
South Carolina Officer Is Charged With Murder in Unarmed Man’s Death
Single mothers more likely to have ADHD boys: study
Prom Proposal video.
So Feminism Wins Again (No Catcalling Zone Signs in New York)
Interviewers Ask a Group of Women to Draw a Picture of Their "Ideal Penis"
New Mortal Kombat Video Game Has a Cutscene About Accepting Gays
Player steals hacker's computer. Gets owned.
Raising Your Children Creating Status and a Rant
Dennis Quaid Melt Down
Ellen Pao/Reddit bans salary negotations...to support women
Woman Throws Twister, Weed, & Liquor Party for Teens, Bangs Daughter's Boyfriend Plus
Michael Buble Gets Criticized For "Body-Shaming" Big Booty Miami Chick
Uncle Tom Reporter tries to punk Mike Tyson (video)
America in 20 years: How will the Country Look?
Why are the best RVF posters from Cali?
Madonna kisses Drake on stage. See Drake's reaction
I am certain my dentist's wife is cheating on him
Apparently, Wu Tang Clan IS Something To Fuck With
Forum 4 Page 130

Perverse incentive scheme for UK women
Marketing Fat Ass Genius to release book of unpublished selfies
Sick Sub-Saharan Skank Fakes Forced Fornication
Cops behaving badly #4000, cop runs over suspect
Religious family has insane brawl with Arizona police, two shot
LA Times: The Women In Donald Sterling's Life
Bodybuilder gets detained by Swedish police for suspected roid usage
College Students Outline Why They Don't Date Black American Women
The "cops gone wild" narrative in the media
Pink Tells Fat-Shaming Twitter Trolls She Is "Not Worried" About Her Apparent Weight
State troopers save a heart attack victims life
Cop remains professional when stopping an illegally parked car
California Sheriff Deputies Unleash on a Fleeing Suspect Who Appears to Submit
White women traveling to Africa to bang Kenyan warriors
Feminist anti-austerity protest forbidden to men in Montreal
IRT gets laid
Why It's Great We Elected Obama
65 year is oldest woman to get pregnant with quads
Woman makes yogurt with her own vaginal bacteria
Spring Break sex assault. SJW coverage?
Red pill New Zealand breakfast show host
Social Justice Racketeering
American Apparel Appreciating Awesome Asses Again
Hypergamy really has no mercy
The Gervais Principle
Lame Title-HELP ME GUYS?!?!
CNN - women favored in academia hiring
Are American Women more picky than American men?
Was Thabo Sefolosha's season ending injuries caused by NYPD?
Scooby on Fat Acceptance
The importance of frontiers
One In Six Americans Get Food Stamps?
Woman complains about older men seeking younger women
Debt Creation Center Votes to Brainwash New Recruits
The myth about women in science
Rand Paul Catching Flack for Being “Too Rough” with Female Reporters
Male suicide rates: 'My father left and took his own life'
When Butt Implants Go Wrong...
Red pill views from the Vatican
This guy needs ROK
Forum 4 Page 131

Model Buys Condoms at Walgreens.. vblogs about it
Desperate Comedienne Runs Around NYC Trying To Kiss Strangers For Film Role
Anyone watching "Last Man on Earth?"
Best Music from the 80s thread
Man Accused of False Rape sues investigator who botched case
47 y.o. woman arrested for false rape allegations
NYT: Top Law Firms Won’t Argue Against Gay Marriage
Vivica A. Fox...SO SAD.
deleted
"Safe Space" culture is an active form of Misandry
Feminist with an HR speech impediment describes her "Sexual Assaults"
The 10 Happiest Countries Are All in Latin America
An ex boyfriend shits on girlfriends stuff and is arrested.
Univ. of Michigan Cancels ‘American Sniper’ Screening: ‘Made Students Feel Unsafe’
Dove Real Beauty Sketches - Men
North Carolina Teen Writes Rejection Letter to Duke University's Rejection Letter
Model accuses Harvey Weinstein of "molesting" her
Pentagon faces hurdle to women in Special Ops: 'uninformed' men
Audio Transcription
Soulless succubus sucks out stupid saps soul
Secret Tapes Finally Released On Chevron/Texaco Disaster In Ecuador
Why I'm not a Feminist (Video)
Anyone watching House of Lies?
Female Youtuber is sick and tired of being responsible for her own protection
Jeremy Renner’s wife files divorce, less than a year, wants prenup thrown out
21 Basic NYC Bitches Confess the Dumbest Thing They Spend Their Money On
Sarah Thomas to become the first full-time female official in NFL history.
Communist Cuntzilla Rips Redpill Russians
Dateless Donkey-Witch is 'Demisexual'
80/20 rule alive in the ocean. Possible next step in female hypergamy?
[LOL] Elected male student forced out of Women's Advocacy role by women
Best Way to Make Memes / Images?
Woman Wins Lottery, Divorces Husband
No Survivors as Germanwings Airbus Carrying 150 Crashes in French Alps
At what age did you feel old/ a certain urgency to succeed ?
NBA Player Stabbed Outside of NYC Nightclub
Woman granted permission to serve divorce papers via Facebook
Western woman killing their own sons for social media attention
Une Vielle Fille Bemoans Collapse in SMV
The Emotional Alpha
Forum 4 Page 132

Divorce Papers Can Now Be Served Using Facebook
The POF Catfish Situation
Is introversion a myth?
Prince Andrew, Alan Dershowitz Accused of Abusing Underage 'Sex Slave'
Car Crash Casanova Caught Canoodling Copiously, Plebians Plaudit
Bitter Kentucky player drops N-bomb on Wisconsin star
"World’s greatest centre of wealth creation" has very few women
The FAAt (Fat Acceptance Advocates thread)
The First Multiracial Miss Universe Japan Has Been Crowned
Ariana Miyamoto first mixed race Miss Universe Japan
Transgender Man and Woman Both Identify as Opposite Sex, Conceive Two Kids Together
Feel that slope's slipperiness? Sexologist wants porn "critiqued" in classrooms
Gun attack on French magazine Charlie Hebdo kills 11
Hairy feminist warthog unleashes Twitter-mob on hot Swedish Nationalist
Forum Suggestions/Questions
We need to see fat fucks fucking - fat studies researcher (trigger warning)
Do you ever feel sad after you see a pretty girl?
Asian Investment Infrastructure Bank
#RedMyLips Campaign To Raise Awareness
Skull-faced Wife Blueballs Husband - For Life
Woman judges slam dunk contest
Woman vs man muay thai fight
Eva Mendes on sweatpants: 'They're the No. 1 cause of divorce'
Next Bond should be femme, says one would-be PM
Social Justice: Cry-Cis Trailer (SJW Parodies)
World's Youngest Centenarian Hayley Okines Passes Away At Age 17
Date Lab now has video interviews
Getting some Latin Translated
Revenge Porn Crimes And The Necessity of Men ('We guard you while you sleep')
Movie Scenes Thread [Learning]
France Is Banning Skinny People, Surrenders To The Fat Nazis
Sex assault charges tied to 'Fifty Shades of Grey' movie
Patton Oswalt satirizes SJW outrage on Trevor Noah tweets
1984 VS Brave New World - Which Resembles Life?
Man accused of beating girlfriend: girl confesses to lying
Can money buy your kids a bigger brain?
Guy goes to Muslim bakeries asking for a gay wedding cake
Trevor Noah - New Daily Show Host, about to face the wrath of SJWs
Another False Accuser Charged
Former Miss Australia slut-shames sluts, blames sluttiness on men
Forum 4 Page 133

ISIS related clashes and riots  in Europe
Apple's Tim Cook on Indiana Religious Freedom law
Site sells dick tattoos and spoofs starbucks
No Pants Metrolink Ride 2015
I want to go to a big Rave EDM concert....
Would you have a threesome with your chick and another man?
Tariq Nasheed Suing Tommy Sotomayor Over A G
Would you consider joing a religion for a good piece of poosy?
Millionaire Matchmaker matches 30-yr-old-socialite with 42-yr-old former porn-star
Found "The One", Fell in Love and Getting Married (Finally!!)
Federal Prisoner overpowers female guard, causes manhunt in DC area
Governor Pence wants change to Indiana Religious Freedom Law
Goodbye
Girl from Lebanon does Porn, internet flips shit
Dutch "men only" barber shop takes its shit seriously
The Story Of Vinman
Emotional Vampires: How To Deal With People Who Drive You Crazy
Exercising the democratic process to prevent Yes means yes being enshrined in law
Commercial Surrogacy - India
At Penn State, one woman’s rule at fraternity parties: Don’t go upstairs
Simple Pickup now wasting guys' time for lulz AND faking it
Toronto attention whore bleeds on bed, posts it on IG, complains about Aunt Flow
eHarmony...more like BETA-Harmony!
Woman jailed for 2.5 years over false rape claim
Man beaten on MetroLink train after attacker asks him about Michael Brown, police say
Fat Acceptance and Fat Shaming
Finnish millitary store owns Swedish feminists
Young girl and her little brother beaten at a Indianapolis playground
44 year old married hamster fucks 12 other people to try and feel like a woman
School named after war hero forces child to shave off military-style haircut
Fortune Magazine 2015: World's 50 Greatest Leaders List
American mother kills her kids and keeps them years frozen in her fridge
global warming --> more transactional sex
China and Korea Turning to SEA Mail-Order Brides
Hillary 2016 supporters attempting to censor the media
Colombian Sex Parties One of the Job Perks
Male/female differences reflected among serial killers
32 year old woman accused of exposure and sex with 7 teens at Scottsdale bar mitzvah
Lee Kuan Yew Dies at 91
Could Male Only Private Businesses/Institutions Ever Thrive In The West?
Forum 4 Page 134

Beta Of The Year
Replacing "Cis/het/white/male" with "Jew" in SJW posts
42 year old mom caught banging daughter's 17 year old classmate
Hillary Clinton Used Personal Email Account at State Dept., Possibly Breaking Rules
Bill Maher Attacks SJWs
47 y/o Women - Kidnaps and kills baby to convince married BF that she gave birth
The Modern Woman's Life Cycle
Moscow-Friendly Greece Could 'Paralyze' NATO
Rapper Loses 200K On Real Estate Deal Because Fucking The Agent Was More Important
Why (do) we need more photos like this
Idiot students pointlessly protest kitchen advertisement, get perfect response
“Don’t Be Surprised If You Hit A Man, And He Hits You Back!”
Date Lab - Black Guy Finally Has Success With DateLab Girl?
what are the privileges of modern elites?
Amanda Knox
Madonna Didn't Report Her Rape For The Same Reason So Many Victims Stay Silent
Pathetic Pansy Points out Paleo Practictioners as Patriarchal
Wall Street Journal article explains why 1/4 women are on psych pills
Lesbian goes off about being called a man TED Talk
Putin's school of alpha sentences
What the Hell Happened to Mike Myers?
"Tie Fighter" - Cool 80s styled animated Star Wars Short
basic physics question
Judge Lays Down The Hammer on Female Child Molester
The Scale of the Universe
DC Girl Has Online Meltdown After Getting Rejected
Monica Lewinsky: The price of shame, TED talk
Humans Need Not Apply
The Prodigy Want to Be as 'Important as Blur or Oasis,' Think 'Dance Music Is Dead'
Bowe Bergdahl-Hero, Traitor or Something Else?
Male/Female Participation by Trade infographic
Rich and Famous Men Still Get Played Volume IV: Rewinding The Donald Sterling Story
The Ride Never Ends - Emergency Jazz Hands Deployed At NUS To Limit Clapping Trauma
Free movement proposed between Canada, U.K, Australia, New Zealand
Mom Films Baby In Car Seconds Before Striking 3 Teens In Crosswalk
Army has an unofficial "yes means yes"
The MLB Thread
100% Of Women Will Be Sexually Assaulted On Campus By 2020 (satire)
Mom makes high school kids line up to lay her.
OKCupid translation script turns "random" into "banal" and "smart" into "not smart"
Forum 4 Page 135

French elections pair male and female candidates for "equality"
Billionaire's Divorce Exposes His Foolery, Ex-Wife's Greed
Craziest things women have told you about how they treat men
New Ontario PSA (sexual harassment)
Wikipedia entry for "Woman" shows pic of tranny
Is Narcissism the Vodka of Personality Disorders?
Landwhale With HPV Refuses to Blow
If you owned a Gym, would you hire a fat personal trainer?
What I learned from Webcam girls
Feminist Hypocrisy And Media Treatment of Roosh
reddiit - What is the worst example of 'rich people problems' you have seen?
74 year old man found guilty of rape 34 years after the fact
How The USA Creates Terrorists, $500 Million At A Time
How German voters are losing patience with Greece
15 minutes of alpha from Monica Lewinsky.
Mp3 Players?
Chinese Plan World Largest Engineering Project:  A Nicaraguan Canal
Has Britain become hostile to blokes? (Video)
my female co-worker made me uncomfortable...
Best Way to Accept Small Donations Online?
Women starts career in politics using instagram
Anti-Feminist Protest Prank
War on Boys in School
Wall-damaged Blimp Devours Tinder Simps
Anyone bought a mattress from Groupon?
Rethinking Male Stereotypes
Student kicked out of class for 'controversial' opinions on rape.
VICE Presents: How to Survive a Sexual Dry Spell Without Lowering Your Standards
boy goes to school dressed as Christian Grey
Jude Law fathers fifth child w/ 23 year old chick
Yet another iffy college sexual assault case - at Rutgers
Disappointed man beats up girl for being a SIF
Daughter of Two Moms Comes Out Against Gay Marriage
House Judiciary Committee Goes Full Retard: Clickbait Style
Gawker vs IRT: WHO YA GOT?
Check your weapons platform privilege bitches...I'm an A10 Thunderbolt
Scotian Appreciation Thread
Liberals are stifling intellectual diversity on Campus
The "Crazy Look"
What college girls look like now --cal girls strip to protest the things
Forum 4 Page 136

Dear Beta who likes my daughter...
Anti-feminist Protest Prank
Mincing Manginas Mull Masculinity
8,000 Years Ago, 17 Women Reproduced for Every One Man
The brothel buster: Meet the man who gets paid to have sex with prostitutes
what are the traits of a feminine girl?
stuck in mobile version
Male Shaming: Man Caves
Mentally-ill Manster Spins Freak-Sex Hamster
The World Star Hip Hop Thread
Cyclist performs stunts during police chase...
WARNING to Uber and Lyft drivers
Looking at pictures of obese people makes us think perfumes smell bad
Gay Designers Dolce & Gabbana Get Shit For Saying Kids Need a Mother and Father
There are too many books by straight white males, apparently.
Is the nuclear family red pill or blue pill?
NYC Saint Patrick's Day Parade not gay enough
France Joins Fight to Normalise Fatness
Swedish Feminist Government Shows No Regard for Trade or Diplomacy
You Mad? ESPN's Dick Vitale Kisses Ashley Judd Before SEC Championship Game
Slutwalk Interruptus
Restraining Order Filed on Guy for Resembling Rapist on College Campus
The Truth About Rape Culture
Roosh's Long Lost Brother 
Kremlin Planning Major Announcement
Man spends £200k to prosecute a false rape accuser who kills herself out of stress
False Rape accusation woman commits suicide
Alpha male trains fat girls to lose weight
Best Data Sheet: Making Money, Partying, Girls, Etc
Any Iphone Experts? Trying to recover email passwords
Beta of the century
SJW Website Block List
Bitter Bushpig Bellows about Bar Brush-off
The ballsy Creflo Dollar
Congressional "Bitch Boy" Was Sexting Sydney Leathers
Is there a website that teaches girl game?
Why Prep-school Diplomats fail against ISIS and Putin
DC police annoyed by complaints of ganja smell.
A Woman is like a Dog
Has any RVFer gotten a false accusation of rape?
Forum 4 Page 137

The brothel buster: Meet the man who gets paid to have sex with prostitutes
what are the traits of a feminine girl?
stuck in mobile version
Male Shaming: Man Caves
Mentally-ill Manster Spins Freak-Sex Hamster
The World Star Hip Hop Thread
Cyclist performs stunts during police chase...
WARNING to Uber and Lyft drivers
Looking at pictures of obese people makes us think perfumes smell bad
Gay Designers Dolce & Gabbana Get Shit For Saying Kids Need a Mother and Father
There are too many books by straight white males, apparently.
Is the nuclear family red pill or blue pill?
NYC Saint Patrick's Day Parade not gay enough
France Joins Fight to Normalise Fatness
Swedish Feminist Government Shows No Regard for Trade or Diplomacy
You Mad? ESPN's Dick Vitale Kisses Ashley Judd Before SEC Championship Game
Slutwalk Interruptus
Restraining Order Filed on Guy for Resembling Rapist on College Campus
The Truth About Rape Culture
Roosh's Long Lost Brother 
Kremlin Planning Major Announcement
Man spends £200k to prosecute a false rape accuser who kills herself out of stress
False Rape accusation woman commits suicide
Alpha male trains fat girls to lose weight
Best Data Sheet: Making Money, Partying, Girls, Etc
Any Iphone Experts? Trying to recover email passwords
Beta of the century
SJW Website Block List
Bitter Bushpig Bellows about Bar Brush-off
The ballsy Creflo Dollar
Congressional "Bitch Boy" Was Sexting Sydney Leathers
Is there a website that teaches girl game?
Why Prep-school Diplomats fail against ISIS and Putin
DC police annoyed by complaints of ganja smell.
A Woman is like a Dog
Has any RVFer gotten a false accusation of rape?
UC Irvine student govt votes to ban American flags
Delingpole blasts British blimps
How a Plugged-In College Student Spent 24 Hours Without Tech
Is "Bro" Just a Term Used to Hate on Guys Being Guys?
Forum 4 Page 138

What Songs Are You Listening To?
Couples Reveal How Many People They've Had Sex With To Each Other
Bibi Netanyahu addresses congress today
Three women arrested after man is GLASSED during Fifty Shades of Grey screening
Jeff Corwin Catches Massive 800 Pound Stingray With A Fishing Line
Big Sean: "I'd rather dress as a Nazi than as a woman."
Teen Girl Arrested in Brutal Brooklyn McDonald's Brawl: NYPD
Woman wins supreme court case giving her share of his estate 20 yrs after divorce
George Clooney is a fucking chump
Mob of students gathers to intimidate and destroy sign of anti-abortion activist
Problem viewing RVF with iOS 8
Bachelor Nation: 70% of Men Aged 20-34 Are Not Married
Botched circumcision leads to medical breakthrough
Dispelling The Pheromone Myth
Powdered alcohol possibly coming to the US
Most USA girls are Lesbian & Bisexual because their mothers used Birth Control Pills
Blurred Lines-Robin Thicke Lawsuit - Dumb Jurors Strike Again
Too Sexist twitter account suspended?
TooSexist twitter account suspended - feminism?
Plane flies without fuel - Around the world
Online "Sugar Babies" Deny Being Filthy Prostitutes [Retitled]
Blue pill kills even in Russia
Utah passes a law against firing employees for opinions
ISIS fans destroy relics/sites
Wall Victim: Former Porn Star Asia Carrera (Mug Shot)
Princeton discovers what we already know about Millenials
Guardians of the Galaxy
Big Controversy Surrounding Robin Thicke and Pharrell's 'Blurred Lines' Song
Sexy MILF Induces Seething Rage
Super Oppressed PPL. The game for SJWs
Women are lazy slugs
Black feminists are furious about this all-male, all-white band's racist name
SJWs finally openly declare hatred for beta: study says chivalry is sexist
How does a red piller respond to this?
Brazil femicide law signed by President Rousseff
Thanks To The Forum
ISIS Fighter's Online Game
Indulgent and pointless life of expat's wives in Beijing
WReal Woman Complains About Tranny & Loses Gym Membeship
#IfWomenRuledTheWorld - new feminist campaign makes trolling easy for us
Forum 4 Page 139

Tinderella: A Modern Fairy Tale
Donetsk People's Republic Beauty Pageant (contestant comment on women's emancipation)
Eurovision 2014: Polish song
Cockfighting in the Philippines
Oklahoma Frat Shut Down - Racist Chant
Bluepill Bloke Begs Basic Bitch to be his Bride
Australian Fattie Frolics
Why are Men so disorganized in fight vs feminism?
Black males in white fraternity's
Attention seeking cunt takes selfies with dying people
poefs
Sofia Vergara makes rape joke on The View
Police Officer Shoots Fleeing Suspect (Graphic)
"Don't like it? Don't look."
93 Percent of British Dudes are Fags
American broads scrape initials into ancient wall at Rome’s Colosseum
What would you do if you were the father of this kid? (Bullying)
The Epidemic Of Bro Rape: The Documentary
Is having an Ego good or bad?
Article: Why Do We Punish Men for Expressing Their Sexual Desires?
2000 Women Shame Male Whale for Attention
Writing tips for the internet?
Girl vs boy fight
The white night of cultural nadir
Jeff Foxworthy is a Fucking Boss
Jordan Owen fires Davis Aurini
Iran's "Eye"-ronic punishment
#YouCreatedMe
Ohio Teen Flies 7,000 Miles, Gets Rejected by Woman and Almost Freezes to Death
Germany and Norway force businesses to appoint female board members
Map of Europe according to second largest nationality within them.
Ludacris receives child support from his ex
New Study: Previous Sexual Partners affects Offspring
Wall Survivor - Elle McPherson (50)
Feeling shitty about my age
man uses woman's locker room, gets woman banned that complained
Woman looks to tinder to get her car shoveled out
Is The Social World Really All About Status?
Beta Boy Unwittingly Discloses Red Pill Truth
Need a tan
Forum 4 Page 140

Female Typist Discovers New Form Of Rape
Journalist fat shames Kelly Clarkson
Need help with meta.
is this dress white and gold or blue and black?
The Mask You Live In: Feminists Take On "Failing Masculinities"
Red Pill Chronicles
This Meme Sums It All Up
Why are men and not women almost always among the top performers?
Relatively known English football(soccer) player accused of sex with 15 yo girl
How to totally destroy FAT acceptance.
Dried-up Hag Regrets Extramarital Shag
Who Is This Fine Piece of Ass? (nsfw tag added)
Facebook now allows custom gender options
MRAs featured in GQ
Feminists Furious at Facebook Fat Feels
The Most Recent Gay-Friendly YouTube Hit That's Making Idiots Everywhere Giddy
"A Bid for Guns on Campuses to Deter Rape"
Wife seeks divorce over husband’s huge penis
The Psychology Of Trolling: RVF Banned Members Edition
Crowdsourcing A Small Favor For A Friend: Judgy Bitch Still Banned From Twitter
Leonard Nimoy passes away at 83
Rasheed Sulaimon Rape Case
Obama attempts to ban AR-15 ammo via Executive Order
Anchor babies
Go Fund me who do you think is asking for free money?
Jesus Christ - 11-year old Transgender Girl who "transitioned" at age 5
On discussing with women
Record Number of People, Including Michael Jordan, Join Billionaires' List
Tattoos- Manosphere
Student banned from his life because he resembles rapist
Conan O'Brien in Cuba Episode - Tomorrow Night (Wed 3/4/15)
Pensioners build raft to cross Atlantic: Selfish wife sinks plan
Our forefathers were right... giving women the privilege to vote was wrong (pics!)
Cat Shaming Week
Why do so many middle aged men feel so lost? (Telegraph, UK)
Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov was assassinated
Gay rights activists makes false abduction claim, only gets charged with misdemeanor
22 times women make comments that men immediately misinterpret
Statistics Every RVF Member Should Know
I sat next to a female drill instructor today, and what she said bothered me.
Forum 4 Page 141

Guy Has Seizure While Skydiving
Rugby question
Unfunny Australian feminists rip off Jimmy Kimmel bit for womens rights or something
Matt Forney Has a (Well Written) Article In Taki's Magazine
Quotas Limiting Male Science Enrollment: The New Liberal War on Science
POS Chick Coaxes Dude Over Text To Commit Suicide
FCC classifies broadband internet as an utility
Anyone Seen "Liberal Revolution's" Vids?
Gladiator Duels In Carbon Fiber Suits
Blimposaurus wires African player she's never met $1.4million..."We are in love".
Illegal Immigrant woman becomes Vice President of Goldman Sachs
How to Find Your Old Posts?
Pornstars before and after makeup
Future of space exploration discussion
Forum Thread Titles in the Year 2114
Student Banned from Areas of Campus for Resembling Classmate’s Rapist
Study Shows Which Country Has The Biggest Penises In The World
does your dog snore
"I’m gay. And I want my kid to be gay, too."
Study: Tomboys Are More Promiscuous
What if she's pregnant?
Ray Rice video - knocks out fiancee
Emily Yoffe destroys propaganda college campus rape film before you've heard of it
Why"Strong" Women Stay Single
Anthony Mason former thug from New York Knicks dead at 48
Hottest Decade
24 Signs revisited: Supreme Notices
Feminists destroying manosphere books and recommend killing newborn male babies
ReturnofKings Membership Program (Suggestion)
Manny Pacquiao agrees to terms for Mayweather fight
What is your favorite song of 2014?
PSA: most women are lazy, stinky bitches
Laser Cat Kid Commits Suicide, Predictable?
The Bitches of Eastwick: Manjawed Manatees Meddle with Magic
Healthy Eating diagnosed as disorder - Orthorexia Nervosa
Jezebel in the Bible (Revelations 2:20)
"Mapping the Ideological Marketplace"
anti-rawdog (like anti-fap) [SUSPECTED TROLL THREAD]
New GQ hatchet job on the manosphere by George Constanza lookalike
"Christian" pastor Rob Bell tells Oprah the church will soon go gay
Forum 4 Page 142

anti-rawdog (like anti-fap) [SUSPECTED TROLL THREAD]
New GQ hatchet job on the manosphere by George Constanza lookalike
"Christian" pastor Rob Bell tells Oprah the church will soon go gay
In Italy, Economy and Law Leave Many Single Fathers Broke and Homeless
Government campaign to feminise sport goes "viral"
Delete
Which girl would your rather reproduce with?
Patricia Arquette: 'It's time for Coloreds and Gays to Fight For Women Now!'
<3 Happy Valentines Day <3
White knight works all summer to pedestalize every girl at his school on V-Day
Cameron Diaz (42) finally married and media disappointed with quality of husband
Discussion of particular aspects of Arete part 1: "Hubris"
Porn Actress Unloads on Feminists
Menopausal Land-Cow Milked By Young Cad
Handcuffed man knocks down, beats female police officer
Sexy teacher faces rape charges
Appeals Judge tells ex-wife of millionaire to get a job
Sex inequality - we need pussy socialism
Post your unpopular opinions
My response to Krauser's forum meltdown
Famous Last Words
The effects of invading Middle Eastern countries and toppling their governments
Portlandia takes on Manboobz
Death
"Stand By Me:" Thoughts On Maturing & Growing As A Person
3 Americans don't realize how shitty their diet is
Mall Massacre Plot in Halifax involving cute chick with nice tits.
Do I look like a virgin? (Social experiment)
Afroman Punches Female Fan
funeral for Copenhagen gunman
Outer Space Game: The Mars One Bitches
Why are older men looking at women half their age?
Nine year old boy suspended for telling classmate he had a magic ring
Painless Tattoo Removal Cream in testing phase
Woman beats boyfriend and threatens him over gay friend sending him dick pic
Wall Survivor - Padma Lakshmi (44)
Fat Shaming saves eyes - Iggy Azalea quits Twitter
Christopher Hitchens managed to piss off feminists too
Dwight Howard: Is he bisexual?
Was the War in Iraq justified?
Forum 4 Page 143

Whining Feminists
AMIA Special Prosecutor Alberto Nisman found dead in his Puerto Madero home
For how long has marriage been a bad deal in the U.S?
Toronto Female Cop 'Man' Handled by teenage girls.
The new Thor is a woman
Indian bride dumps groom during wedding, marries guest moments later
Recognizing true rape victims.  PBS report on freed Yazidi girls
Jon Stewart Retiring From Daily Show
True To The Game Players: The John Wall Story
Sun Goes Quiet- Solar Activity Lowest in 100 Years
UK Mirror: Troll Website Megathread
Wife calls the police on husband and gets him killed - Washington
Your opinion on taxing Tobacco vs. Junk Food as a public health issue
Parks and Recreation and MTV Overplay Their Hand On "MRA"-Based Jokes
Leisure Suit Larry in the Land of the Lounge Lizards
LeBron, Beyonce, and Jay-Z As The Third Wheel
Chinese Saying - The Ugly Woman Is A Treasure At Home
Beyonce UNRETOUCHED!
3,000 Americans ditch their passports
Happy lunar new year!
I defused a fight
Cyber bank robbers steal $1bn, says Kaspersky report
Guilty Pleasure Albums
Check out this site
Wonder What a Thousand Cock Stare Looks Like? Look No Further.
Do you guys know about FreeMyApps
Historic badass of the month: Lauri Törni
Acquaintance Officially Announces Hitting the Wall on Facebook
420lbs woman with 8ft hips.
susan walsh - overrated blogger?
Saudi Cleric Issues Fatwa Against All-You-Can-Eat Buffets
The Grand Theft Auto Appreciation Thread
Recreational drugs
Left-winger whinges about Adam Baldwin's right-wing views
The aftermath of twitter outrage mobs (from NY Times)
Any woman can now name you as father of her offspring and make you pay for them.
What would you do if kidnapped by terrorists?
Game is not the savior of western men
Terror attack in Denmark - 3 police officers shot at free speech meeting
Brutal knockout punch (with a difference)
Forum 4 Page 144

Man Creates Effective Tinder Bot
Welcome to the Manosphere: a compilation of game/red pill links
Kingsmen - Another Hollywood Game Sighting
All women should be banned from barber shops: Article
What If Your Company Gifted You One Night with a Porn Star as Your Year-End Bonus?
Korean airline chairman's daughter turns plane around over bag of nuts
B.C. man wins right to sue rape-accuser for defamation
Terrifyingly Deformed Woman Is Now A Model
50 Shades of Orbiters
Man leaves overweight bride-to-be at the altar
Trivia Crack game for smartphones
Because of 50 Shade Of Gray....
Woman gives birth to Down Syndrome Child. Tells Husband, if we keep baby = divorce
The ultimate feminist rap song (joke)
Captured Egyptian Copts executed by ISIS
Obama Betrays Men: 2016 CDC Budget Eliminates Prostate Cancer Funding
Governor of Oregon: Taken down by his young go-getting fiancee's shadiness
ALERT: Uma Thurman's New Face
Speed Dating Line-up Shows Depreciating Female SMV
World's first penis REDUCTION surgery
Americas potential: Fat girls who lost weight
New study confirms women believe lies to feel good
U.S. Naval Academy’s chief on sexual assault prevention
Gangster movies
What's up with girls crying rape?
Today I Learned That 17th Century Russia Was Red Pill
Amanda Knox Hits the Wall Like a Freight Train at 27
No evidence of Racial Discrimination in Justice System
Jordanian Pilot Burned Alive
Barren ghoul decries lack of eligible men
372 The Pirate Bay Copies Surface As A Result Of The Open Bay Project
Just when you thought it couldn't get weirder: Japanese Beta Marxist Alliance
How do you guys rate......(celebs/chicks that you find odd)
How to deal with slander and character assassination from ex-girlfriends or lovers
Walter Williams documentary Suffer No Fools
Feminist aborts baby - because it's male
Man Arrested for Beating Suspected Paedophile to Death for Photographing his Daughter
Your TV is watching you!
Bodily attractiveness and egalitarianism are negatively related in males
Louis CK on Girls' Overinflated Egos
Forum 4 Page 145

What's up with girls crying rape?
Today I Learned That 17th Century Russia Was Red Pill
Amanda Knox Hits the Wall Like a Freight Train at 27
No evidence of Racial Discrimination in Justice System
Jordanian Pilot Burned Alive
Barren ghoul decries lack of eligible men
372 The Pirate Bay Copies Surface As A Result Of The Open Bay Project
Just when you thought it couldn't get weirder: Japanese Beta Marxist Alliance
How do you guys rate......(celebs/chicks that you find odd)
How to deal with slander and character assassination from ex-girlfriends or lovers
Walter Williams documentary Suffer No Fools
Feminist aborts baby - because it's male
Man Arrested for Beating Suspected Paedophile to Death for Photographing his Daughter
Your TV is watching you!
Bodily attractiveness and egalitarianism are negatively related in males
Louis CK on Girls' Overinflated Egos
Rutgers' gender studies dept offering Beyonce course
Funny quotes from dating profiles
Former Milf Turned Cow Rationalizes Weight Gain; Blames Everything But Herself
Women attention whore at Angkor Wat
Feminists Lure Female Voters With Pink Poosywagon
£800 fine for hurting snowflake's feeling
Public University Spends $16k on Campaign to tell Students What to Say
Mom Calls Cops After Discovering Son, 15, Was Watching Porn
Rhianna and Leonardo Have Been Hooking Up On The DL
'Profiles In Courage: Dating In DC'
Wife Zone Chart - Best way to find a girlfriend, or the perfect wife.
Sex for Pizza
'Fat Is Not a Feeling' - Buzzfeed Back At Encouraging Backwards Societal Improvements
Big Earl's an American Hero -- "We Don't Serve Fags In This Restaurant"
TJ Miller entertains,  SJW news skews otherwise
Male Feminist Writes Anti-Pickup Guide For Young Teens
Hamilton Hamster
Cablevision CEO/Knicks Owner Jim Dolan's Responds To Angry Fan's E-Mail
Charlie Manson gets a marriage license with a 26-yo
A case for the "golden middle"
Risk sensitivity is an evolutionary adaptation (I promise this is relevant)
Everytime they talk about "raping your wife" 100K men swear off marriage forever
The Sex Factor: A new reality show for porn star wannabes!!
Study indicates: Fatness leads to inactivity, but inactivity does not lead to fatness
Forum 4 Page 146

Game-plan for newly divorced men
Article about Roosh in The New Republic
Oh, How the Mighty Have Fallen
What would you do if you only had 100 nuts left?
Prince Andrew risks lifetime in jail after false rape accusation by attention whore
Best Games For Smartphones?
Worshipping Athletes: From Full-Body Tats To Haircuts
Amy Sedaris: wall survivor
Avengers A-Force: "A victory for comic book feminism"
How much of a problem is human trafficking in the US?
Booze and the buzz you get
Female jealousy knows no bounds
"Saharah Eve the female supremacist"- the most extreme case of female pedestalization
Man may go to jail for refusing to pay child support for a child that isn't his
'Undercover Boss' Bikinis Sports Bar Episode Outrages Fans Over Sexist Content
"Partner"
imperfection
Ukraine to Call Up Women Over 20 for Armed Forces
Ask me a question in this thread, and I will reply in video
American women be like. . .
What do you do when you confront someone who can kick your ass?
Danish women writes love letters to gorilla
UK: Men should be sentenced to long prison times whenever horny drunk women have sex
Anatomy of a Troll Job: The xoBang Gang and the Business of Rage
False Rape Accusation against Palantir Co-Founder
Lawyer accused of hypnotising clients and sexually abusing them
Chinese Man’s Life with Beautiful Ukrainian Wife Envied
Office romp in NZ goes public
France hands out fines for anti-gay tweets
It's spreading - Yes means Yes comes to the UK
Racism and the Manosphere
Which celebrity do you resemble the most?
Is the king of Jordan a true alpha?
Whore Banned From All Bars In Boston
Taiwanese plane with 53 passengers crashes in Taipei River killing 32, thoughts?
OSCE urges Action on attacks against "Online Female Journalists"
Guy has famous actress come to his apartment, has no clue what to do.
Jennifer Lawrence on Nude Photo Hack: ‘It’s a Sex Crime’
Tim Ferris Interviews Arnold Schwarznegger
Roosh is On Stormfront Again
Forum 4 Page 147

Thought Catalog - 20 Signs You're The Average American 20-Something
UK to allow 3-parent babies
That "Sixth Sense"
Danish girl vs revenge p0rn
Let's post the "game advice" that women give to each other
entitled feminist "thrilled" that a sign is being removed....
My company thinks I'm "Slimy"
A Pack of Condoms Now Costs $755 in Venezuela
Introducing the G-Spot Computer Mouse - A Must See!
Miss Universe 2015
RT: Millennials, women, low-incomers are the most stressed out.
Kim Kardashian's Booty Breaks Internet Record [NSFW]
'I Will F**king Own You Peasants' - Conrad Hilton Goes Nuts on Plane
Feminists Howl (literally howl) on BBC
Women Wear Hijabs for a Day in 'Empowering' New BuzzFeed video
Please help me !
Milton Friedman
The 2Wycked Guide To Horror Flicks
Science confirms another RVF theory: promiscuity
IRT mass PMing people on BluePill subreddit?
London Mayor Says Many Terrorists Are Porn Addicts Who Can't Get Laid
Wall Street Intern Quits To Become A Porn Star
beauty pageant contestant throws tantrum
Lance Armstrong: "I'd  ProbablyTake PEDs Again"
Another example of Islam being a feminine religion
lindy west writes speculative fiction on reforming a troll
Toronto is officially the best city in the world, according to the Economist
40-Year-Old Houston Woman Marries Herself
Feminists 'Intimidate' Man with #UglyGirlsClub Meme
"Sorry, it's a boy." says Super Bowl ad
Interesting Sommers video: Developed Countries have Greater Differences Between Sexes
Men's Health Denounces PUAs: "Dating Advice Is Fine, Manipulation Is Not"
It’s Always Sunny In Philadelphia: The Ineffectuality Of The Millennial Generation
MIT Professor: Past, Present and Future Co-Exist In Universe
Teen Girl Shot Dead At Texas Police Station Had Knife, Cops Say
An Illness Sensationalized?
How do you vote?
The best video I've seen destroying fat acceptance and modern feminism
Young guy lives alone in the woods for two years
Another SJW Revealed as Racist
